May be i can check
It make me happy
I have a normal phone and it made 1 of my pics look like one of a iphone 6 if u dont believe me look at my instagran account ... wings_2004
Love it so much
Cant get to install
Too many ads and secondly erratic interface.
I have already uninstalled
Its so happy
Nicest systematic for Android phones
Its so easy and fun
Main diss app tight um hmmm
Everything is awesome
I've downloaded a few different ones and this is easy to use, and the pictures come out great.
Plenty of options to choose from to make whatever kind of picture you would like
Like it but not so cool app
I really like the HD effect, brightness and color correction features.
I can basically change the whole pic   its so cool :-) lol :-)
I can't  believe  how easy  it is.
This app is very good for photos editer
It is just simple and Good app.
Its ok but u have to download stuff
Ive used this on my previous phone.worked prrfectly but ive recntly bought samsung galaxy a5 the splash and focus functn doesnt work.plz help!!
This is perfect.
If only you could make a video editor, too, that is just as good as this.
Makes awesome book covers!
There's an ad after every other button I press
Its has alot of things awesome
This is awesome app.
its alright so far
I like how it is fast and easy to use!
lighter and faster than other photo editors ,with many editing options best recommended app for photo editing
super easy and i love the effects ,also super easy to install!!
Very good app
The app has very good features indeed...
I would give this app a 5 if there were not so many ads
never use it its fake
Easy to use!
Covers imperfections and has cool filters!
I love did App Its Amazing!!
It's a great app
Very useful, full features without any pro version purchase
I LOVE IT
There are so many ads popping up that the app is now unusable because an ad pops up literally every time I close the last.
I have used it.
Its a good app for photo editing.
You can so many things from this app.
You can download this app without fearing.
I`ve seen so many photo editing tools but this one is the best 10x a lot it's really proffesional
I have a blast using this app with my eight yr old daughter!
Able to take r add to photo love it!
First, why do you need Access to my phone?
Why are you running in background when i am not using you???
Get off my phone!
Makes neat collages and great for editing
U have t ok down load every thing u want to add to it like the effects
A powerful photo editor with many wonderfull effects
Horrible editor, worst app in this entire store.
I give it half of no stars, stupid as a pair of inbred babies
Great Photo Editing App for editing Photo's
verry nice app and i am happy this apps
its a great app to edit pics
Very satisfied with the results I get by using this software :)
Helped me make AMAZING photos
The best that one can get
I gave this app a 5 stars 'cause 'rate me pls' always pops out and it's annoying, good app though.
Loved using it.
Cant use d way i use CS6 in my lappy.
But its far bettrr than any other apps i tried on my phone...
Needs an airbrush feature
It helps me create amazing fotos.
They really need to think outside the box and get more creative .
think about what makes this app better than any other app and why we should get it .
that's some advice from a 12 year old .
take it or leave it
I would give it 5 stars, but there are a few bugs that could be fixed
The app has more options than I'll ever use.
It doesn't provide for a way to delete previously 'edited' needless photos that are starting to accumulate in the gallery.
Can't obtain any help on how to delete 'just those photos' while maintaining the original photo.
Ilike it but the other app are busy.
But i got the frames.
The best one I found so far
Love it... Love the enhanced picture qualities, the frames etc....
Easy very nice detail options and doesnt crash!
Would be better if there were more frame options tho
Have to download everything and adverts are annoying!
It's best
Best photo editor i have seen
Without Aviary this app cannot working
Great app.....easy to use.
But has alot of popups.
Sud have an option to un blur the blur photos
it's a cooooool app ever.
i like it...!!!!
Whenever I went to choose a photo then go back to it a blank black screen came up for a few seconds.
Also it seemed to only let me have one photo I couldn't see how to add in another photo.
The app is gud but reqire sum features more
This will be very helpfull to me.
I love being able to have fun  with my photo.??
I can edit in many ways... It looks always perfect... so yea 3 thumbs up to this app
It perfects flaws and inperfections !!
Lol and its fun to use too!!??
App is Brilliant...but only the thing due to which I gave 4 star not 5 is FONT.....We cant change the FONT Text.....
Love the affects when done
This aap is excellent ... Love it .
( It works in my phone)
Doesn't even start .
Waste of time ....
This works realy well the only thing I don't like about it is that u had to download the stickers
Best application in world
I have used many and this I like one better then many.
Wish i.knew how to change font size
I reallly can fix my ugly pics
This app is pretty cool I think it works good
Well for one thing your app doesn't look anything like the pictures above and for another I got to edit one photo and then the app wouldn't open and kept force closing I hate it so I removed imedently
Not bad app.
nice editings cn be done overall good job.
This is good app
If they are free, why do I have to install the frames then the effects then other things.....
just make it come with it.
Suprb app for creating more effect...
Like a picart
I dnt like that u cant redo or format the text
It is a great editor love it
I liked it so much.
You have to pay for stickers really
Works very well, easy, loaded
Perfect mobile photo editing app
It works for me
East or west this apps is best.I try my best to choose some other apps and use them.Thanks developer please keep it up.
I love it it makes me feel real with the effects n my blue eyes
This is ousome
Can't upload photos
Love the new ehancements
This might be good but I'm write before playing this app!
Lots better than some.
Better than default editors.
its easy to use and has a good user interface.
You have to download everything before you CD an even start date it  so much it is rubbish for not install unless you like rubbish apps ‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼:-\ :-\ :-\ :-\ :-\ :-\ :-\ :-\
Solid apppp I loved it
Making memes right now!
Hope do not make any trouble
Very user friendly.
needed to take off unwanted bits captured in the photo i took & this app did the trick!
It's looks great and nice I like it
Exactly the program I was looking for!
I have an HTC One M8 and for some reason this app opens and then closes without out any option for me to do anything.
My only question is if this has to do specifically with my phone.
Especially since it seems to work well for others.
Very good apps
Easy to use
Very good photo edit app
Cool app loved it
I loved it//////\\\\\\\$£€$€¥
This is a great app to use
I've used Evernote for quite awhile to take notes on my Android tablet and be able to share and edit them on any PC with a web browser.
Not as nice as Microsoft OneNote, but at least it's cross platform.
Nice to see that it runs on the Kindle Fire HD.
Love that I can sync to my other devices.
It has been a big help in keeping me organized with my lists.
Have everynote you take on your tablet, phone, or laptop synced without touching a buttom.
Very easy to use.
Highly recommend Evernote if you take notes for anything.
I cancelled this app about 10 minutes later, not sure if I didn't give it enough time to understand it or not.
Did not like at all, I use the cozi family app and it seems to work much better for what I need
I use it for school notes and not only can I use on my kindle fire,  I have the app on my cell phone and my laptop,  so I can never lose my information.
love this app on my phone and pc but it has some bugs on kindle.
please fix the terrible spell check for Pc and list the upgrade price in the app and I would pay for premium.
OK, I love Evernote, but sadly can't download it even though it is free because the app store is not available overseas.
Seems silly for a free app, doesn't it.
On other devices such as iphone, and on the google app store, it's no problem, but Amazon has put to many restrictions on Kindle Fire, so I'm stuck not being able to download any free apps.
I should have bought a different product.
Never lose your notes again, and access them wherever you are, this app is perfect for any mobile note taker.
It performs its basic functions well and works between my pc, phone,  and kindle,  but the organization feels off and their are still occaisonal syncing problems.
I have this app on my pc and love it.
The version on the kindle fire is limited but I can Still use it for most thinks.
Thanks so much!
It's the only tool that works across my devices.
It synchronizing capability is transparent and remarkable.
word word word word
still working out kindle potential but love it thus far.....
could be really awesome if I could attached camera pica but don't have that in kindle.
Evernote  goes where I go.
I use it for everything--recipes, receipts, notes.of all kinds.
I have copies on my desktop, my iphone and now my kindle fire.
Thanks to the developers.
I am not sure how to get out of the original screen to have the notes listed in another place from the running tab on the main screen.R Elliott
I started using Evermore on my PC for school.
I use it for notes, making copies, storing research.
It is such a great tool.
It syncs easily between my PC and Kindle Fire so I can take my notes anywhere.
I use Evernote for all my note taking needs and general memory practice.
I love the fact that I can review and edit my notes on any device and anywhere.
would recommend this to students, great for tagging websites you want to keep to help get some work done!
perfect to keep my Pc synced with my phone and tablet
Works great and synchs to all of my devices.
Using it for homeschool lesson plans.
Very easy to use!
I was first introduced to this app for my job, and now I use it everywhere I go.I use it on my Kindle, and have found it to be more than helpful at meetings.
I have a terrible memory, and with Evernote I have been able to keep track of everything.
I love the features and benefits to using it.
The fact that you can clip from the internet is great.
I am glad I stumbled upon this, and couldn't be happier.
It helps alot with school work.
It also syncs with other devices without using a manual device sync.
I just love it!
This app was constantly updating, contacting me and trying to get on my other wireless devices.
It was way too complicated for what I neded - just a simple note pad.
This app is a God send.
I can easily store and organize my thoughts in ways I never imagined.
I love Evernote.
The best feature is being able to email yourself a note and seeing your notes on the web.
I use evernote for everything and love that it works on any computer,  browser, phone,  or tablet.
I try not to waste any natural brainpower on things that evernote can now remember for me.
It is great for note taking or outlining a paper.
I use it at university all the time.
Only complaint is the sharing options are limited.
I have evernote on my laptop and I love it!
I was so happy when I found out that it was on kindle.
I have to say this is the best product of its kind!!
I don't know what I would do without this thing.
I use it for personal applications, as well as in my professional life as a teacher.
Installed everywhere I needed.
A slick note store - really helped me get all of the clutter out of my head!
Yo can see it all everywhere.
very handy to either make quick note while out or lengthy one at home from computerwould recommend to family or friends
I love Evernote simply for the reason that you have your notes accessible from anywhere : kindle,  phone, or PC.
Also love the check box option for my to do lists!
For the price, you can't beat the kindle fire.
I knew that I wouldn't get a calendar or Android Market, so I'm giving it 5 stars because it absolutely meets my expectation.
I LOVE THIS APP!!!!!
You can keep picture notes and everything you need to keep in this little app right here.
Sure they use your contacts but that's all they use.
They don't locate you or anything.
They use what they have to to create your account.
So all you haters need to delete the app if you don't like it.
I would recommend this to everyone!!!!!!
So have a great day:)
Good enough synching which is why I needed it in the first place.
Could be more dynamic but it's okay so far.
Great for taking down note,  I also use it to write down recipes......
I would advice everyone to get the app.
its the sticky note you have been waiting for
this does everything i was looking for i am a sticky note queen and i can organize all my notes and to do's in one place
With Evernote, no matter where I am, or what device I use, I can quickly jot down notes, ideas, or important info and not worry about where I saved it.
With add-ons like Skitch, I can take pictures of things that inspire my art and make notations right in the image, then Evernote once again makes sure all my devices have a copy.
Very intuitive &amp; user-friendly.
Love that it syncs across all platforms - my laptop, Kindle Fire, Android phone, and even accessible on the web from any computer.
when i first got my tablet, i was not sure what i was going to do about notetaking in class without Word.
this app allows for sharing and can be typed on your laptop as well!
love the functionality of this app.
works well within my kindle fire, and allows me to take great notes during class.
a wonderful application for note taking and the layout even better
Easy, Free, Works great.
I use it for many things and I keep thinking of more.
I wouldn't have a device without it!!
I have evernote on my iPhone, Kindle Fire &amp; laptop.
It's so much easier than having post it notes everywhere.
I recommend this for note takers takers everywhere!!
As a longtime Evernote User, I was very happy to see the very capable Aneroid app works great on my Kindle tablet.
This is an awesome app.
I can't imagine being without it now.
I even take my Bible Study notes in it!
Awesome software - available on kindle, phone and computer and notes are there for you to access and review or edit!
I take message notes at church with Evernote and it is quite useful.
The features appeal to every personality and it is easy to use.
No more need to carry a notepad around with you - this ap replaces the pen and paper.
And what makes it better is that you can have the same note synced on all of your devices - so you can write your shopping list on your computer, and look it up on your iPhone or tablet.
Brilliant in its simplicity.
This app is a life saver!
When your need to jot something down real quick or just take a picture of something to remember.
And with school and the voice dictation on my phone is a life saver with long papers to type.
I can dictate 500 words in no time, and transfer it to a word document!
this app will make you poop your pants!
lol I can't figure out why, but it makes me poop myself every time I open it!
I love pooping though which is why I gave it 5 stars!
Except the program crashed when it asked me to write a review about it.
I like how it syncs to my computer and is easy to use.
This is a great app for thosd needing to create / access information on multiple computers but don't want to have to carry a thumb drive around.
It has an ample amount of free storage and is very User friendly.
I have found it to be very reliable with only minor drawbacks, none worth mentioning.
I agree with concerns about permissions .
The app itself is great.
The fact that I can have it on my Thunderbolt,  Kindle and computer makes it very convenient.
Syncs all three without problems.
So nice not to wonder where you saved your data and be able to access it and update it from multiple devices.
I started working with Evernote last year when looking for a note taking program to organize my class notes.
I needed something that could at least reasonably organize scanned note from classes like Calculus and Gen Chem, where notes cant be taken on the computer reasonably.
In other courses I found evernote to be perfect, but the shear number of notes often ran me into a wall with the limited 60MB.
Since then I have upgraded to the premium edition of Evernote and the service has consistantly gotten better every month.
The 60MB pay wall was well engineered.
It should be noted that most users dont need to worry about running out their quota.
In fact it is nearly impossible to run out your quota if you are only taking text notes and saving web clippings.
You may consider upgrading if archiving large quantities of PDFs and Pictures is your goal.On the Kindle Fire this apps start screen is a little redundant.
The New Note button and Attach button are the only two that work.
The add voice note and photo note do the same thing as the attach button.
I don't know how this has changed for the Kindle Fire HD.
The interface has been well redesigned to make working with it more intuitive albeit a little bit chunkier.As a premium user I take advantage of the extra space in very creative ways.
I am a student, and just like any other student I sit through countless powerpoint lectures.
I like to use the the table tool (in the desktop client) to put all the slides in one column and the descriptions in the other.
When reading on the Android app you can then quicky and effectively go through andAs for PDFs, there is no integrated reader that allows you to display the files inline like the desktop clients.
Instead the PDFs are shown as attachments.
When clicked they are opened in what ever pdf reader you have - or on the Kindle Fire the PDF is opened in the kindle reader software which is only well designed for reading appropriately formated pdfs.
I would recommend installing Adobe ReaderAdobe Readerwhich perfectly displays PDFs on the kindle fire.For whatever reason, on the Kindle Fire voice notes will not play.
I understand that the 1st gen Kindle Fire doesn't have a microphone so no you can't make audio notes.Update: Thursday Nov 8th 2012[...]Evernote announced serious changes to their client and their service addressing many of the concerns of reviewers.
I love this app including the PC version and I especially love the easy sync.
It has more functionality than I expected!
Vastly superior to the other note apps I've used.
Keeps me organized.
Great way to sync notes across platforms.
I use it in tandem with Pulse to save recipes.
And it's free: what's not to love?
I really like this app.
I have it on my Kindle Fire an use it for making lists.
The checkbox option comes in very handy.
I use Evernote as my primary note-taking method in college, and to be honest, it's been one of the most helpful applications I've ever used!
My only two minor gripes are that there is a persistant bug that prevents me from editing many of my notes on an iPhone (the screen jumps around with every keypress), and the overly-minimalistic formatting options, necessitating a separate word processor for essays or any other serious papers.
Fix those, and I'll pay for the app with no regrets!
This is a brilliant program.
It syncs with my PC, my Notebook, my Netbook, my Kindle and my android phone seamlessly.
It holds everything from web pages to simple notes to complex itineraries.Evernote is my &#34;go-to&#34; program for retaining information.
Thank you EVERNOTE!
I write songs and like to keep a diary so Evernote really helps me keep track of everything.
I also like Skitch, which lets you draw pics and sign your name on important notes.
It is a separate download but once its downloaded you can click the link let you sign or draw onto your notes.
I just use this for everything: grocery lists, recipes, websites, schedules, story writing, class notes, ect.
All in one place.
This is on my computer, Kindle Fire and Iphone and can be synced across all these devices.
I have to say, when it came to using planners, I'd always say I prefer paper to electronic.
Not so much anymore, although this isn't a planner, exactly.
But, you can certainly make it one if you wanted.
I love how you can format it with check boxes and tables.
It really has helped me keep organized with everything in one place and easy to find.
No more wondering where I wrote that note down, what that website was, or where my grocery list ran off to.
I know it's all right there.
I love how this app syncs with all my devices, inc my phone and tablet.
It has helped me organize my work and personal life so much that I would be lost without it.
I have a droid phone and am used to the Andronotes app so I haven't really used this one yet.
I had it on a previous phone and never used it.
I think I'm just used to the andronotes, but I will definitely take time to get adjusted to it.
One thing that would make it better than andronotes is if it is alphabetical when searching for notes!
very useful app, you can note sonething in your mobile device then view it on your computer.
or the oppsite :)pls,it has an add-in in outlook too.
Very easy to use.
Works in different applications syncs between all my devices.
Set up very easy and started using right away.
Only had this app for a day but I'm in love!
Thank u for providing this.
Only thing I ask is create a way to drag notes from books on kindle fire
I am a busy lady.
Wife, mother, full time employee in public education, student, as well as the founder of two non profit organizations.
I can make a file for everything from my son's funny quotes, to homework and tasks, as well as make separate note files for both of my non profits.
The only down side is that not all the options available on your computer and tablet are available on the phone application.
But I am still over the moon about this app!
App has been invaluable to me in keeping track of certain articles as well as being able to send them to my different email sites.
I have had it for several months.
It works well with my Kindle Fire.
great for multiple device users.
i have several and can share with the wife instantly.
i had go set it up for her but thats not the point
So far,this app is helping me be organized.
I seem to have so many little things I have to do and re do &amp; I was just about to give up, then Evernote, so far, has saved the day!!!
I use this for my business and it makes delegating and tracking my &quot;to do&quot; list so much more convenient.
I love how you can create separate notebooks and include attachments for any use.
They need to fix the butt ugly iphone version.
Hoping they don't roll out the ugly as he'll iphone version for kindle.
I have used evermore for over six months and so far it has met my needs adequately.
I am still concerned about the privacy issues.
I love it.
I wish I knew how to rotate a picture but I'm learning more and more each day for an old geezer.
I'd like a complete substitute for OneNote, and this isn't it, but it does a lot.
I like synchronizing across platforms, especially.
I use this everyday.
it is on every device I own.
I even love the Internet browser &quot;clipper&quot;.
I never forget anything anymore!!
Evernote is one of the note apps that's been around for a while and is very popular.
As a result, it's been well tested, debugged, and refined over the years and you can expect a smooth, bug-free, and capable app when you buy it.
Evernote has exceptional file and information handling capabilities and allows you to capture, store and share not just notes but photos, webpages, freehand drawings and graphics, and pretty much anything you want.
The premium edition allows your friends to access and modify your notes and so offers group collaboration capabilities.Another area Evernote excels in is the sheer number and diversity of its companion apps.
Just a quick look at what was available at the Apple store revealed no less than 20 and there were more that I didn't bother to scroll through when I stopped.
These included:Evercrane--a file and note management app providing quick sorting and moving featuresMoveover--another file and note management appClever--a powerful interface and client app with many useful functions (too many to list here)Evernote Food--a recipe programEvernote Hello--a powerful contacts managervJournal for Evernote--a daily journal programFastEver--quickly add notes, tags, and organize notes into notebooksEverclip--a webpage clipperFastEver Snap--a camera for EvernoteEverConvertor--a currency converter for EvernoteCheckEver--a way to manage your checklistsQEver--add reminders to your notesENPower--quick access to your Evernote notes, notebooks, and  tagsMultiSnap--quickly snap and send photosMoveEver--another powerful sort and organizer app similar to MoveOver and EvercraneTap2Ever--fast Evernote uploaderEverGear--note and photo posting appEverWord--EverNote flashcards app with database-like capabilitiesEverEPub--make an EPub book from your notesEverLog--a logging and posting app for EverNoteThat's just some of the companion apps that I saw.
There are more and there is often more than one app available in a particular category (note management, daily journal, etc.) so that if you don't like that particular companion app there may be another you will like.In reading the reviews here I note that some people didn't like Evernote wanting access to all of their contacts, which they considered an invasion of privacy.
So if this is a probem for you you should consider that before buying the app.Overall Evernote offers a lot of value for the money and has the most add-ons and companion apps of any app in the note category.
There is something for just about everyone so if you're looking for a good note and task app Evernote is one of the top offerings that you should consider.
I have Evernote apps on my Kindle Fire, iphone, ans browser at work and I'm able to email myself notes, links, etc and then open in any said mediums and since.
absolute must have!!!
Useful in too many ways to list.
Anything you need to save online and/or add notes to comes together perfectly in this app.
The easy to use UI and cross platform syncing and integration is what puts this app above the rest.
I use it on my phone, my laptop and iTouch and my tablet and it syncs instantly and seamlessly.
Evernote is wonderful app.Really helps keep me on point.
I love the fact that it synchs across all my devices automatically.
Killer app on my Kindle Fire, iMac, HTC One S, etc.
Just love it!
I was looking for and quick and easy way to write on my kindle and have access to it everywhere.
just what I needed
This app is a dream come true for list makers!
I have it downloaded on all of my devices and use it every day.
Evernote works so well with all of my devices.
I love having one place to go and see all my notes.
I use it at work, at home and on my phones and tablets.
It's seamless and so well done.
using this app on kindle fire is excellent!
i have used it to take notes in classes and it works brilliantly.
i can access my notes from my other computers, organize them in notebooks and tags and add web content and other attachments that make this app an excellent addition to any computer, tablet, or phone.
if you ever need to make checklists, remember names or emails, or take notes this is the app for you.
Simple and easy to use.
Like the ability to format notes in various ways and the sync to web works great as well.
The amount of storage in the free version is more than enough for my needs.
Evernote has been a go-to app at home and on my phone for a little over a year.
The PC version is atrocious but the MAC version is pretty decent.
Its a bit processor heavy but the updates are tweaking it into place (hopefully).
The Android App has been improving over the releases and as a paid subscriber I've invested a lot of time into making a usable and searchable database for multiple projects from digital to analog projects
fast, easy, and able to reach your notes anywhere.
I like simple.
Evernote is just that.
No fancy stuff just what a writer needs.
I have been using it for about a month now and I put everything in it!
I even use the email and it works great.
Great piece of software.
This app is great, compatible with so many programs, great sharing options and the sync has never failed me between my PC, GS3, Kindle Fire and Notebook!
I Highly recommend this app for anyone who needs to list, note, share or do just about anything else it offers!
I clip selected text, web pages and links and can access them later on any of my devices.
I also create short notes and to-do lists with Evernote.
I've only used the free version so far but I love it and recommend it highly.
Big fan of Evernote.
It's my business goto, safe for ideas, and collector of things that intrigue me on the internet.
Check it out.
It's great.
I found the app to be too invasive in that it wants you to load it up will all sorts of personal information on all of your devices that it will then share with, seemingly, anyone who wants it.
I can put info, tasks and files on my e-mail that I can share with all of my devices without Evernote snooping into them.
I always liked evernote I can do my homework where ever and print it out from the website I save notes from school and able to save them I specific folders for later review and print I highly recommend this app for students especially students on the Go!
I use this app pretty much everyday for storing interesting quotes, or jotting down ideas.
It has allowed me to get rid of my notebooks and sticky notes, and consolidate them into something that virtually consumes no room/work space.
this is a terrific tool for organizing your thoughts.
i highly recommend it.
now, if only i can get the bluetooth keyboard working cleanly with my kindle fire hd . . .
love this one enough to download to phone and kindle.
keeps notes organized.
sync feature really convenient.
use it for school assignments on the go and sync and save often.
works well with awesome notes...
App never downloaded onto my Kindle.
Free or not, I expect it to "get here."
Got another app instead.
I don't understand.
It's the only download problem I've had so far.
not sure what I can add that hasn't already been said in the 2131 reviews already posted.
love the ease of the app and cross platform.
it works great and wicked fast.
I like that this can act as my idea pad for songs and screenplays.
The best thing is that I can access it on any device with the same e-mail!
this app has completely changed and reorganized my life... from business cards that I get, to ideas I have and want to be able to access from anywhere, to pretty much WHATEVER... this app has been amazing.
I will be purchasing the full version soon.
it's that good!
this is the only app i have ever taken the time to review... it rocks.
Had a problem with it syncing.
with my laptop but a simple reinstall fixed that.
It is an awesome app.
This app is on all my devices my Mac, my kindle, my phone and its accessible from the Internet!
I don't know where I'd be without Evernote!
I first tried this on my desktop but on the Fire it has thus far been unusable.
I cannot sign in with the password I use on the desktop, cannot reset the password because it not recognize the email address, and cannot register because the same email it does not recognize is allready in use.
For use on multiple devices this app is a sink hole for wasting time and effort trying to set it up.
I wish I had started using this sooner.
I love that I can access the information from my phone, computer, and Kindle.
Honestly haven't used it yet, but with so many reviews entered why should you care?
Make a note of that.
i love this app.
it is so easy to use and works on all my platforms from apple to my kindle.
This app is very organized.
If you're like me and jot things down on whatever scrap of paper is available, this is an excellent choice.
I use it on my Kindle and haven't had any problems with it so far.
I would recommend this to anyone.
I have discovered this program as I was looking for a way to making my job in writing easier and I must say that I am very pleased.
I can now work ok my computer either locally or by the net as well as on my Kindle tablet.
I am totally satisfied!!!
I save everything on Evernote, I mean pictures, magazine clips, recipes, thoughts, you name it.
The best part is I can access it on my kindle, phone, and computer.
love to save all my notes because I have short term memory, not sure if its cause from all the weed I used to smoke.
I love this app.
the only thing I hate is that the government has access to all my movie ideas which I have seen come to film threw out the years.
but that's the price I have to pay for not getting my lazy beer drinking fat asss off my couch and making them myself. . . sigh.
anyways love the app!
I've used this app to plan an entire choir tour to Germany and Austria this past May, and am currently working on digitizing a suggested menu for a fine dining restaurant.
Works amazingly, along with Skitch, but I wish there was a way to import notes into a type of presentation app.
All in all, very helpful!
Convenient to have on my kindle, easy to use, what's not to love?
I use it for my grocery and to-do lists and I love it!
love the program, best thing that I can use to keep track of all my notes I scatter around.
Keeps me well organized and happy with all of everyday task and Internet notes
The developer is devoted to improving the product and making it easier to interface with browsers.
What's more, its cloud interface allows seamless synch.
with all your computers.
Great app that is attractive, easy to learn and use and helpful in many levels of life organization.
Grateful I finally decided to try it out.
i use it for work and as personal journal.
replaced colornote, delicious, and google drive.
it gets better everyday ...
sometime there or appointments 6 months away an I need a notice with an alarm there is not  an alarm on evernote are Ihave haven't found one but this help I always want an alarm
I've used this for over a year.
Helps me keep organized.
Sharing notes with other users is awesome.
awesome app, i didn't like evernote at first but now that i have a kindle its lightened my load by 90 percent, no more folders packed with paper, i can carry every thing with me without having to suffer from all the weight in my purse.
i just scan everything into evernote and it automatically files everything for me.
good job guys!!
i had to switch Kindles after one was faulty and Evernote was an easy way to keep all my documents.
the only thing is that it doesnt save larger files.
I use this when I don't have access to my computer to type up my homework.
and because I have the app on my phone I can work on my homework anywhere.
great app that does what it says.
use it on my kindle and my Pc.would recommend to everybody.
only gripe is the interface on the kindle could be better.
i really like its shared feature.
i can write a note and have it on my phone, computer and tablet.
I like that it can do photos videos audio and text.
I like the way you can organize into notebooks.
everything is very useful.
I like it a lot.
great app for taking notes across all platforms.
no matter where I am or what device I have available I can always update or create notes.
I always have trouble checking my purchased items.
It could be easier to move around and search in the app.
Can buy stuff online, post items up for sale, keep an eye on your watch list!
Nothing to complain about at all for this APP!
Haven't been able to use it yet.
I have tried but it keeps asking for my user name and password and won't let me go any further.
Gets the simple jobs done, able to select and pay on the spot pretty happy with this app what else can i say?
I have the same problem on two different phones, even after several updates to the app.No matter what I do with the notifications, they never stop.
I have each individual notification type turned off, and I have the general notification toggle turned off.
It even displays a brief popup when I do this which says it is updating the settings.
And yet, the crummy bloop still keeps coming.The has been a problem since last year with a Nexus S, and now the same happens with the new Moto G (not that the phone model should have anything to do with the app's own settings).
I downloaded the ebay app because I had some specific items I wanted to look for and I wasn't at home near my desktop.
The app is well laid out and intuitive to use.
I would recommend it and find myself using the app more often than going into the office to check things out on the desktop.
For viewing and bidding the droid app is the way to go.
If I am closing in on a bid I keep laptop and tablet going but the tablet is my preference.
The slimmed down UI makes it very easy to bid, buy and get notified!
Got to love Ebay and now I have access to it on my phone and Kindle.
SImple and easy to use.
I have this installed on my Kindle device.
I'm a bit addicted to EBay so this is perfect for me.
Of course you need Ebay.
I use it a lot and is a must have for my family.
I like it on the kindle just because the size is bigger than my iphone.
Definately a plus app!
I like this app for finding car parts for both my old and new cars it's kind of fun to bid on stuff
Makes shopping on Ebay quick and easy.
It is great when you don't have your computer with you, but want to shop.
I love Ebay.
for viewing and bidding the droid app is the way to go.
Works well, no glitches.
hard to find your way around, great for a quick check of items though.
Cannot check ebay messages.
Love this app.
Now I can shop ebay without having to turn on my computer!
Since I never go anywhere w/o my Kindle I always have access to ebay.
Cannot be without the Ebay app at hand.
Love the convenience of shopping and selling on my kindle.
Great place to find &#34;the hard to find&#34; gifts.
This app is perfect.
I downloaded this app on my kindle fire for days I could continue to bid on items when I'm away from my computer.
I love it and I'm glad I downloaded it!
App worked great at first then it would never open and the kindle would automatically close it out with a error message.
Very simple navagation and browsing tools!
I like that a list of your activity on ebay is easy to see and manage and it doesn't move from your main search list.
Great app, convenient and its free.
Great for watching those bids and just finding special items.
A must have app.
I have been dealing with ebay for years, almost all of my transactions were great.
And the best part about it is you don't have to deal with the over populated communities that we all live in.
Ebay is easy to use and a great way to get products at good prices without driving miles and wasting hours shopping and not finding the product I am looking for.
App is ok.
You can do some basic things with it... probably should have rated it a 4, but my God do I hate ebay...
I had my items to sell listed in minutes and there was even the option of importing pictures from my phone, no need to download to my computer!
Loaded this on my HTC 8X windows phone and it does everything I expect of it.
Very ice app, thanks.
Easy to use and handy.
Log in easy, search easy.
Way better on my tablet than trying to use the web browser!
This app is great!
So much better than the website - just wish I could see my eBay Bucks balance in the app instead of having to go to the site!
This is a nice app to stay informed of new posting on ebay.
I enter the search criteria and it sends me an update if someone posts it.
I love to shop on ebay.
Now i can where ever I have my Kindle.
Makes shopping much more easier.
Both mine and my husband's most used app on our phones and tablets alike.
Very practical and helpful for anyone.
I am a first time user so I am not confident.yet.
in using my devise.But so far.
so good I'll learn.I'm only 78 so I've got plenty of time.
I find this app easy to manage my ebay listing at a glance.
I know you can do more with it but I still use the computer to list my items.
by my title need to  buy means u can not buy any thing from just the enternet u need the app to buy
Online if your not a member you can just pay for ur itemAnd then who ever ships to u like your a member the app doesn't give you a choice it makes u sign inSo I was going to purchase something off my kindle but instead had to go find it on eBay on the computer because I wasn't a member
Love this app.
I use it on my Kindle fire all the time.
It is very user friendly.
I would recommend
received quickly and was exactly what I wanted.
Was watching and auction I had a bid on and was able to follow progress of sale very easily.
Simple to use.
up date made it a lot better to buy and sale only if it was a  way to print shippen lable to WiFi printer ill put 5 stars kingblack2210
Makes using my Ebay account easy when I can't get to a computer.
Now I don't miss out when I get out bid
I haven't really yet had a chance to use it, but I think it will be valuable for future use
I've only used this a few times, but I have enjoyed it very much.
All i can say is try it.
This application provided exactly what I would expect from an eBay application.
You can log into the application, view and monitor bids and create new bids.
I did not attempt to perform any sales from the application, but I did check and monitor bids, and it was effective.
I haven't used it much but I like the fact that it works very much like the regular PC version.
I would recommend this app to others.
JUst like the it should be.
With this app you can now see you favorite sellers and do everything you need to do.
This app is just like being on your computer but is for your smartphone.
I go on ebay often for auctions and just to browse through a category.
I have no problem purchasing items from this app.
Easy to use especially for someone who likes to search for great deals.
I love it.
I wish the computer version had some of the same filters.Couldnt be happier I downloaded this to my Kindle.
I liked having ebay to scan and play with right at my finger tips.
easy to use!get your app now
this app allows me to do everything that the phone app allows.
which is not surpising, because they are virtually the same thing.
I love shopping on ebay this ap allow me to shop on my kindle or iPhone anywhere I go, just love it
Runs smoothly on my Kindle and syncs with my account, therefore all my devices are updated and match.The mobile version is easy to use, I haven't posted a sale with my Kindle, but I am able to monitor anything I have posted from my phone or computer, and I can easily search and bid on items without any problems.
Very convenient and easy to use.
It's easy to navigate through the different pages or selling, sold, payments, et cetera.
what's there not to like, love and want to buy!
it's easy to use & you can create your own account and make tweak it too.
This is an awesome easy to use app.
It even has a few features that the eBay web site does not.
Now I can check my ebay listings with my Kindle Fire any time I am within WiFi range!
Love the reminders, loads fast, doesn't hog memory.
Easily browse thru EBAY with all your favorite sellers and watch list.
this app is amazing it works anywhere i go and its easier then logging into a super slow computer lets go horray for awesome apps
Notifications are helpful when working with other apps.
Easy to navigate and loads quickly.
Very helpful when searching and bidding!
It has really improved my searching for various items having the app handy on both my phone and kindle fire.
I have used it many times since installing without any failures.
I like it and use it.
But I wish it had a link to the full site like the mobile version does.
I find myself having to leave the app to go to website for some things... Like customer service for example.
Understated version of the the websight.
Works well for a scaled down version.
So far no issues.
Obviously not as thorough as the main website but that's the point right?
This app makes using ebay a snap on my Kindle.
I recommend this to anyone wanting to use ebay on their Kindle.
I love E-Bay but the format is very difficult to use on the Android phone.
Nothing like using a computer.
I really wanted to like it but find it is to dissimilar to the computer format I am used to.
It is okay.
Hard to find what I am looking for with the little drop downs.
I wouldn't use it to list an item, but I would probably use it to buy and check listings.
This app is easy to navigate and a joy to use!!
It is so much better than opening a browser window and doing that way.
Does everything you need it to!
Gets my items listed fast and easy.
Highly recommended to those looking for business or even fun.
I think this is a great app.
It's very easy to use and easy to navigate.
I use this all the time.
Nice little app lets me connect to ebay with one tap of the finger.
I can check my ebay bids on my kindle whileon the computer doing something else
they have done a good job addressing earlier issues and its become easier to resubmits auctions and change prices.
I use it daily go check my auctions
Very happy with this app.
Does just what I need it to do with frequent buying and selling.
Like the notifications.
Browsing eBay is fun and easy,but on the kindle fire we are stuck using the old version even though there has been an update out for about a month in googles marketplace.
wouldn't recommend Amazons version if you are lucky enough to be able to choose.
This app makes bidding on ebay fast and easy.
It allows you to shop from any place with wifi.
It's awesome.
I'll never use the website again!
This makes it so easy to shop.
Its almost intuitive.
I am really impressed.
Love being able to check my ebay on my phone, huge convenience.
Helps to keep track of your bids.
Yes this one more of my favorite sites.
I go to it often, and with the holidays come up I suspect I'll be frequenting even more.
If u dont have a paypal account you can't buy anything.
Nothing more to say.
This teally sucks.
Makes me not want to do any ratings
Works good just like the computer version, does what it is supposed to do.
I use it all the time.
this app works great if you use ebay alot.
it is easy to naviagte and it feels like you are online at home
I love using the app instead of the website.
App works well on my Kindle fire HD and my android devices.
this is great to have...still learning how to  use.
getting better...like watching auctions...and keeping track what is going on.
If you want to buy things, you don't get as many results for your searches as you would on a pc.
I do both.
So I wish they would fix the problem.
It's annoying when I want to find certain things switching between my kindle and the pc.
So far so good.
Love having Ebay so handy at all times.So easy to keep up with my bidding.
You will not be disappointed with this application.
If you want to check up on an item, at any time, this is the one for you!
Just outstanding app for eBay, own a android phone now and this app picked up where my iPhone app left off.
I downloaded this app but never opened it, forgot about it, went on eBay as I usually do.
Then I ran into a problem when I tried to buy something, my payment got hung up, could not make my purchase.
For days I spent time and money calling eBay, Paypal, the bank, all as usual pointed fingers at the other.
Long story short, this app was the problem.
Once it was downloaded from the store (never opened) it altered something and this is all I can use when dealing with eBay.
I like it, it did take some adjusting to go to this app instead of the internet, but it is a good app...so far.
The app is a lot friendlier than the site, and easy to navigate and keep track of my bids.
Requred for me as I have an ebay store and this was simple to download.
Glad they made an app for the android platform!
It is properly laid out which allows me to find and track items I have purchased.
There is also those alerts that are sent on items ordered but not paid for.
I particularly liked that feature because I had some issues earlier with items I had ordered and had difficulty completing the transaction using another app.
What can you say.
Hay it's ebay.
I needed the app and use it to compare prices with Amazon.
Only buy if it's free shipping other than that prices are kind of high at ebay.
Not sure, but I always check EBay for whatever!
E-bay has a great selection of any item you might want.
My son purchased this App for me and I'm still learning to use the Kindle with my limited time to do so.
I would say it works ok but I'm disappointed in the Kindle Fire HD, to date.
Hopefully, as I use it, my impression will change.
This app is great.
I do a lot of shopping on ebay so I love this app it is very useful.
If you shop on ebay you should get this app.
This app work really well one of the better one I've used.
Happy it came along.
If you play or work on ebay then this is one you need...
I am very happy that I can list items for sell from my phone.
It is user friendly and I have never experienced a problem or bug with the ap.
Bought a new tail light assembly for my van via ebay that I found while surfing with my kindle.
Very easy to use.
Lots of adventure and suspense, I really like Daniel Criag as James Bond 007  The bad guy played a very convincing part!
I would recommend this app.
I haven't been able to use all the features yet, but it is working good for me!
I am very satisfied with ebay.
they are reliable, honest and always on time with product they send out.Will continue to shop on ebay.AAA+++
EBay made easy.
I wish amazon could make a similar app.
Always up to date with stuff I love it
THIS APP MAKES IT SO EASY TO LOOK AT EBAY WITHOUT GETTING OUT THE BIG COMPUTER.
I LOVE EBAY ANYWAY AND BEING ABLE TO GET TO IT IN A TOUCH OF THE SCREEN IS WONDERFUL.
I LOVE MY KINDLE.
IT MAKES THING MUCH EASIER.
this app works smoothly.
I enjoy shopping on ebay and this app keeps me in touch when i am away from my computer.
this app was downloaded to kindle.
On Kindle and Android both, eBay is always a reliable shopping tool.
It has an easy interface that allows browsing items and My eBay which allows users to login access to your personal profile and items.
I'm still getting used to this app.
I think I prefer to use a desktop/laptop instead.
I just think it's easier to search than this app.
I love this App.
Especially if we are travelling I can check auctions of my husband's and that way he doesn't have to find a computer at the hotel immediately.
One wish is that the daily deals could be filtered rather one big list that you have to scroll all the way through to see if something interests you.
Great app to keep track of all purchases and watched items and it connects to PayPal, which makes it even more convenient.
It definitely helps keep track of all purchases made.
It's easier to download app then to have to go to search engines all the time.
Plus it easier to get to.
Quick and easy to view and check up on my auctions when I'm away from my computer.
Very good selection arrangement.
The app works slightly differently than the PC version.
I'll revise this review after I have used the product more.
It concerns me that items I list can't be found on the search on this app.
Fine on my computer without the app.
Plus,  glitchy as far as shipping prices being reflected correctly.
Needs more work!
This app is great if you frequently buy or sell on ebay.
It times out a lot though which is really irritating
quick and easy when u need it,thats what apps are for quick to get in and out.its great fun for all.
Simple application to select, install and use,Puts e-bay at your fingertips.
It makes  your phone or tablet a tool for accessing your account.
It was easy to download and install.
Works well on my Kindle Fire.
I have yet to have a glitch with it.
Simple to use .
Has all the important features of the classic site.
I tried an earlier version and this has been debugged.
Love this app.
Just got a laptop thinking I'd use it for eBay instead of the tablet.
Tried it, but seem to have an easier time with the app.
Will probably go back and forth, but the app is great for checking, searching, etc.
Title says it all.
Text is extremely small on 10&#34; tablet, almost unreadable.
Very few options.
Very limited use on 10&#34; tablet.
I especially love the way it handles my searches where it remembers what I have previously viewed on each search list.
Great way to navigate eBay on my Kindle Fire HD.
Able to enlarge item photos and further zoom to see every detail.
So convenient and easy to use.
The best and easiest way to peruse Ebay simple to use and well put together.
I like it better than the webpage.
This application used to work - now with last 3 &#34;updates&#34; it will not connect to the network.
I even contacted eBay.
The answer... Yes, it is a known issue and we are working on it, but it could take up to 90 days to fix... Maybe.
What a mess!
Good time killer while I am at work.
I can see what deals I can find while I am on lunch and break...
I sell prints on eBay as well as other objects and it is very nice to get immediate notifications when something sells or when a buyer/potential buyer has a question!
Their mobile site seems to be missing some options for sorting that this app has.
I use the app instead of their mobile site.
Love my app.
So easy to take care of business!
I like being on the run and still have access to my business.
I just started using this app and so far so good.
I like that it notifies you if you have won an item and/or have been outbid on an item.
Very convenient app for ebay on a smartphone.
Very well organized and easy to use.
All the options you would want in is self-explanatory.
Good app to conect all
Best app in world
Finally web version available.
This app need a dark theme, too much white is killing my eyes.
Please add a dark theme :(
At the play store version.
Calling feature not working in my phone moto g 1st gen.
Keeps me connected
Updated whats app but could not get voice calling option.
Many of my friends are able to make a voice call facility.
y not me.
Whatsapp+ is more awesome
Make it movable to sd card
awesome just superb app i love it
Works as said, doesn't slow down the system
Is this true that the updated version of whatsapp will provide us video calling n likes & comments features???
Thanks to all what's app team member's, and i using for whtsap 2011 it's so nice app.
What's up plus awesome
No calling option,tried every possible method,but no luck
So many bugs.force crashes and messages cannot be sent.
I can not update my status nor change my dp what is going on
Loved this app
This app is class, not much else to say.
Animated gifs perhaps?
Video calling would be 5* material, hopefully that's next!
Need to be login & log out feature for security reason or password option
Sometimes takes too long to respond
Its simply amazing to use.
Please Improve Stickers
Conect to all friends
I have it texting is free
Very simple application...
Almost each and everyone who uses a smart phone, use this app it's just awesome
Its to good to connect with friends
Everything about it.
Free for a year then 60p a year after that and NO CATCH.
I definitely recommend you to download this app n try it fer yersrlves.
I have so much fun with my dude n ho's sending voice messages songs videos n pictures.
Viber,Snapchat Facebook etc got nothing on whatsapp.
The only downside for me ( using a sony experia E1) is that my media saves to my phone not my sd card n there's no option to change it like there wae with the older version on my blackberry.
All required issues have been resolved... Really looking forward to have whatsapp calling working...
It says it that my phone time is inccorrect
Very much time consuming specially when the time of installation
Its stupid...15 20 apps got updated last night and whatsapp kept prompting not sufficient space....wtf is that...
Hy guyz hlp me ma whatsapp expired nau i cant download it coz it kip on having sum errors
My whatsapp suddenly doesn't respond and a box I think that says'its not responding wanna close it' appears.
So I select yes and all my chat history is gone and im kicked out of my chat grps.
Can I cry ㅠ.ㅠDo you even read our reviews.
So nic whataapp now update
There is a better one than this u have whatsapp but
The name always appeared as numbers.
Gladys But is showing as 9... ...0
It's suck so much
A generous innovation
Its really nice.
I love it
Suits and fulfills my work
...I going to use a lot for work
This application is great
Must to uninstall then reinstall
Awesome aapp fast chatting
I would have rated 5 if there would have been a send option to multiple users...
Nice what'app
Voice messaging giving problems for some strange reason when you access voice message screen.
turns black and the volume is soo low that you have to listen to it on the ear piece and not loud speaker pls pls fix sending updates and still same problem pls fix
It's very good app
I can't get access to my profile .
please show me how to do that
I like this app get messages and pic just fine
I do love the app, but it was causing my phone to constantly power cycle.
Please fix so I can reinstall.
This is good
Awesome one, love it...
Calling voice not clear
Itz main problem is slow downloading new version of whtsap, it tk lot of time for download, aft oll if we see Thn whtsap is vgd, itz fastest nd easiest for conveying our mes as well as picz etc.
I wl gv full stars when it tkes less time for download
I'm not gettig the service of free call after updating it if I didn't got it soon I'm surely going to stop using whatsapp and uninstall it
When someone tries to view profile picture then it lags and full picture is not displayed even after scrolling down.
Which was very smooth until last update.
After upload I cant see caling option on my phone.pls solve my problem
Iam not able to open the others profile pics.....!!!!
In the latest version......wats the f..
Great Messaging and Great Images Sharing
Why I cannot call on whatsapp?
Unable to get it for my mi4i.....
It says error  927...pls resolve  issue.
The best way of love
New Update made it possible to deduct 2 stars...
All of my archives and all of my messages just disappeared.
And there were sentimental keepsakes in there.
So screw you and whatever bug that caused this.
The app has crashed and after reinstalling it is not allowing me to register againg.
Shows connection error where as my wifi is working properly.
Very bad...please sort it out asap.
Calling is not actived
WO"W"hats "A"pp	Good app but more asept thank you for whats spp maneger
I like this app
Easy to msj n col video to friends n family.
Good but previous versions UI was better ...
Its good but need some inputs
So nice this apss
I can't update the latest version what the hell?!
I have a large group of my friends.
Am in luv with this App
This app is nice  but a problem always create later 3-4 months it have to redownload /update
Nice new functions
It now shows plenty of notifications whether they've been read or not
I love it too much
Wonderful easy and effective.
And enjoying the new call system
Have been trying for 24 hours to download app but it keeps saying cannot download due to error!?
Hey ajay is my relative
Like but why no calling
The update is crap it hangs alot
Must have app...
Back cool but hale and       ehm
Just couldn't say anything except WOW
I will give only one star.
Can't live without it
Fix to send some pdf file
I give 5star bcoz i love whatsapp but sometimes it hangs in my htc mobile!!!
I cant download need SMS Plan and im using temporary phone still cant download WhatsApp
No calling option...
Just an idea if you maybe can make it happen dev.
I'm thinking that it would be better if you can expand the chat list.
Now, it only show 2 lines of information (line1: name, line2: last message).
See if you can make it to 3 lines of information (line1: name, line2: person's status, line3: last message).
I think it would be great, since it would be great to know what people thinking and start the talking based on that.
super using this
Nice  for chatting
Its an awsome app... but it would be an more awsome if it had callin feature....am eagerly waiting for it
I've updated few days ago.
There is something wrong with this update.
I'm not getting notifications properly.
Please fix this and I' ll give you a high 5!!
Cheerio till then :)
Its very nice that it keeps people in touch who are far away from each other but it is also a distraction from other things !!
So only three stars !
Permission should be asked before downloading media instead of downloading by itself.
And if larger files could be transferred like over 50 mb then it would be great
I loved it
This app Is  still installing
You need to prefix 0 to dial a phone number if it is an inter state call.
But then the contact won't show up in Whatsapp unless u add +91.
plz add stickers also like hike.
Then it will be more fun.
just updated n got whatsapp calling option...called thru wifi but unable to hear second party....then i received one call i answered still same prob....i checked with my friends here in uae and india all r facing same prob plz fix it.
Just stick to your whatsapp because it's really cool.
Just this update thing I hate it.
Works perfectly saves plenty money is just unbiliveble AMAZING TOP TOP 10
No new update
Best app but not a calling system
Please update app as It cannot be updated on Samsung galaxy S3 for voice calls.
ILL RATE IT 5...
This is xlent app.
frnds...every one should must install in your phone .
I love what SAP
Please launch Beta version.
&                 When will launch downloading whatsapp in memory card.
Packers and Movers Indore
I can call family in texas and Mexico.
Great chat block and talk hu
Plz...........download it fast
Whatever you guys do whatsapp + stays better unless you cooperate with whatsapp + team or at least put all whatsapp + features and options in your app...if it wasn't necessary for my work I wouldn't have downloaded the normal whatsapp since its not rich in options like its 3rd party brother brother was
Like the new calling option  but a ridiculous  place to put the button as keep pressing by mistake when trying to send  a photo or video!
Needs repositioning ASAP!
where my whatsapp.
kmk dah install whatsapp...tapi xpat
It is a very good.
if you don't have this in your library for apps then you need to get it today is one app that I would get.
To be honest I would tell everybody I know to get it to complete their movie experience!!!!
out of no where the video will freeze up for a few minutes then after that it will force close.
I have to go through that a couple of times but other than that it is very great (:
awesome app but first you have to log out and in but still awesome app you should get it it is great
I have been a member of Netflix for several years.
I enjoy the service and they have an excellent selection and wide variety of movies and shows.
I haven't really used this yet, I have been just streaming free shows and movies from my kindle fire.
We shall see.
i love netflex it is.awesome it works VERY well i love.it i watch all my.movies.nd.shows on this.its better than red box or hulu but tht is my opinion
Love it Love it.
Did I say I love.
I got a Roku1 and watched a couple things on my 50 inch screen TV.
That was great.
I did have it free on my once during a movie.
I checked the internet connection, which was fine and it restarted ok.
Have watched tons of things on my fire taplet and my Iphone.
Very entertaining when I am bored.
I'm rather disappointed in that I cannot arrange and rearrange my queue.
This app is basically allowing the user to stream a movie.
That's nice, but I would really like more.
i dont know why i keep the service honestly.
i am constantly frustrated by the lack of material available on the streaming plan... ESPECIALLY when it says that the disc is availablce!
i have an idea... how bout you burn that onto your servers and make it available?
the lack of availability on streaming doesn't make me want to upgrade, it just pisses me off.
Device limitations, I pay for it and don't even watch it because it has nothing I like on it.
My daughter started to pay for it because I was going to discontinue it, so if that tells you anything.......You can only use two devices at a time and that really sucks.
I love the season of TV shows they have.
Am watching Supernatural that has 7 seasons.
They keep it updated.
There is 7 seasons and the show just got done with season 8.
And there are alot of shows that had only 1 season.
They are rated good, too bad they only ran for 1 season.
Alot of choices!!
Reasonable price for streaming!!
Was a decent app now no video and frequent errors.
This must be fixed soon or I will  end my service
it works good and is a good app.
until it glitches out and doesn't work on your kindle anymore.
even if you reinstall it doesn't work.
enjoy it while it lasts.
Needs more variety in newer movies.
Also some foreign newbies would be interesting.
I prefer to join periodically rather then continuous to allow them to build up a new supply of movies.
its a really cool app most of the time but I hats when it wont load so I uninstalles it with the plans of reinstalling it to see if it could get off the title page but now I cant reinstall it for whatever reason and it makes me really mad :l so then I try to search it on the appstore since it wont let me reinstall it on the homepage that dosen't work either ANDNOWIWANTTOSCREAMIHATETHISIHATETHISTHATETHISBUTIREALLWISHITWOUKDWORK
Netflix is great you can watch movies on the with your phone, kindle fire or your computer , laptop or just sitting at home!
It's very affordable and kids love it !
It's the best thing you can buy because every one in the family can watch what they like.
Try it you love it :)
App works real well.
It sometimes 'hangs' and I have had to shut down and restart my Kindle Fire.
I do like being able to control the volume from within the app.
I also like the 10 second 'rewind' button.
I enjoy watching all the genres available.
One can choose from documentaries, TV shows both old and current, movies and biographies.
My grandchild loves to watch her shows and I can catch my favorites without commercial interruption.
I have a Netflix subscription for home use and found that when I want to catch up on an old television series or movie, it was great to have it on my Kindle and take it to the gym and watch it while I'm on the treadmill.
40-45 minutes flew by while jogging!
If I pause a movie and come back to it later then it only plays sound and a black screen.
To fix the problem I have to uninstall the app...turn the kindle off...turn back on...then reinstall the app.
Netflix works on iPhone, Samsung tablet, and home computer with no problems...just having problems with Netflix on kindle fire.
This is the one app that, without fail, gets used in our house EVERYDAY!
If one of my children aren't watching something on their Kindle Fires with Netflix, then my husband or I are.
This app allows you to quickly and easily access Netflix content that is available for streaming.
My kids have all but given up on watching television, as they can watch what they want when they want on Netflix.
I highly recommend this app.
The best part is it's FREE.
Thanks to this app I can watch Netflix on my Pandigital tablet.
It did not come preloaded like it is on other tablets, I am very happy with this app.
I watched my first program on Netflix yesterday.
It was amazing and I was able to contol it just like on television.
i can not wait to watch my next program.
Great having all the movies you like at the top of your fingers.
One price and watch all you want.
this is by far easier than Amazon PRime  interms of streaming options ie we can stream at .3 gb/hour versus HD ONLY at 1-2.3 GB.
I have netflix on my phone and computer but now that i have it on my kindle fire it gives me a reason to workout longer at the gym!
I like Netflix but I wish they would submit less violent movies.
I enjoy comedy and mystery but not as much violence.
We have used Netflix for a couple of years but just recently started watching it on our portable devices since it can be watched on anything with an internet connection.Internet speeds do not have to be as fast with Netflix as they do with Amazon Prime.
The app worked generally as expected the first launch.But today it required that I log in again (why I was logged out is unknown) then crashes after a login timeout.
It's unusable at the moment.
Has new movie best seletion of TV shows update everyday  and the best thing of is I can see it any where
I have not had the other issues that other reviewers mentioned.
This app works very well for me.
There are so many choices for everyone's liking and the the fact you can watch as many as you want for a very small monthly fee is awesome and you can watch from just about any device where you have internet.
Anyone who loves watching movies or tv series should subscribe.
Five star all the way.
Thank you netflix
Same old movies.
They don't add any NEW movies.
I would like to see more new movies.
I cant get it to work properly on my tablet.
It continues to give me constant error messages then restarts my browser.
I hats it.
Good catalogue and good service.
I've been a Netflix customer for many years and it's fantastic and the app works great on the Kindle Fire.
I should not do this review because I haven't used this yet.
I may decide not to use it because I don't want 2 netflix bills!
A great alternative to paying the high prices for pay channels.
I can pick and choose what I want to watch and when I want to watch it.
Have no problems here.
Works great, looks great (with decent signal, of course).
If you are having issues with the app on kindle fire then post your review on the kindle fire app version!
Netflix has a huge variety of programs to choose from right at your finger tips and at an amazing cost.
My family loves Netflix!!
It has never given us problems on our Kindle Fire.
The only thing we tend to forget about is not being in a wi-fi spot!
It works well on my Kindle Fire.
It's nice to be able to start watching on my Kindle something I stopped watching on my TV.
sound is in sync.
very good app.
they updated it so now the grey tab bar is gone.
video quality is great it just takes a second.
This is a great app!
This app allows you to bring netflix where ever you go!
The videos load very fast and look good!
The sound is great depending on the device you have.
The only downside to this app is you do need to acess the internet to watch the videos.
I down loaded it by mistake.
I have no interest in Netflix.
I will read it next time.
Thanks any way.
netflix sucks and isn't the best for a kindle fire.you shouldn't waste your money on it.trust me!!!!!!!
I only gave it one star
My daughter has this on her Nabi Tablet and it keeps her busy after homework time of course.
Lots of things to choose from for her to watch,
very convenient to have mobile
Works just like it does on the tv.
If you have problems with the app just shut down your kindle and turn it back on.
When i first reviewed Netflix on the kindle fire i gave it only 3 stars because of serious audio issues with the player but they have since patched it and it works perfectly now, they even got rid of the black bar at the bottom of the screen...so good job Netflix!
I'm so pleased that Netflix is available for the iphone.
It is easy to use and always there when I want it.
have had Netflix for a long time also get so of my movie from them great deal great movie A
The app works great for me with a couple exceptions.
Scrolling through movies is a chore as sometimes the row won't scroll when you touch it and once in awhile it says cannot retrieve info and will make me log back in.
Knock on wood it always accepts my password and I am back up and running.
I love this app and recommend it if you have a netflix account and a device.
Sometimes the choice of movies leave a great deal to be desired but now that I have found the Korean movies, especially the TV series by Studio 15, we have some very fine story lines and acting.
They are movies you can watch with the family and not be embarassed.
Chong Park's music is delightful.
I was brought up being told I was Irish American but secretly I believe I am Korean.
I've had Netflix for many years, now that they are producing their own original content, it has only gotten better.
I would love it if they had a little more updated movies
I chose to rate Netflix with 5 stars because I enjoy the varied options to choose between TV shows (especially those out of the UK and Austrailia), movies that build on faith and values which can be watched with any member of the family, and the ease of use.I recommend it to those who tend to those who prefer less sex and violence.
I also recommend it to those who enjoy a good movie/program with a message for the good.
For the price you cant beat it you can watch just about anything although some things I looked for were not available.
I think they have improved a great deal.
The app works fine, but Netflix doesn't have much to offer.
There are no commercials and that is a plus over Hulu, but it doesn't have enough recognizable movies.
Everything is either old or unheard of.
I can watch TV shows that missed, but not all of them.
It does stream movies smoother if you have a slower modem, unlike Hulu.
I still ended up getting a faster modem.
I have no problem with Amazon, however.
They are great.
Love it, love it, love it....
I put this app on my Kindle Fire and have been enjoying it ever since.
If you are familiar with Netflix then think &#34;Netflix portable&#34;.
I bought a cheap set of earphones with a 3' cord and now I can walk around anywhere my WiFi reaches while watching what I choose.This added a whole new dimension to my Kindle Fire.
its great app its very useful you can watch your favorite movies and TV shows at your disposal its something the whole family can use
It is cheaper than Netflix and hey... you get free shipping on most of the things you buy!
I used to have both, but I found that both services have about the same movies.
It works great.
It keeps my kids happy while I work.
Very little loading time and great picture
I am using this app on my kindle fire.
The only issue I am having is the audio is a little off from the video.
By off, I mean only by seconds.
Picture quality is great, and I am not having the issue with the border staying on the screen.
Over all I am very pleased.
Almost all of the movie and t.v. show options for the adults like me with an array of action, suspense, and at rare occasions the horror movie fix option is always there, too.
What the best part is the customer ratings that a video store never was able to provide as well as the Netflix option to rate movies and then have recommended films and shows for the future entertainment.
Also there are plenty of children's movies and programs except with my disappointment no Star Wars materials.
Overall, the best area now that will give the best deals for t.v. and movies.
For 8.00 dollars a month it is not a bad deal.
Plays well on the Kindle Fire and will probably do even better on the newer Kindle Fire soon to be released.
What an amazing deal.
May go ahead and STOP my cable and just use neflix.
Great selection, and easy to stream to ALL my machines
what's not to like?
It's netflix.It's super awesome and is better than cable.
seriously, what's not to like dude?
the people who said it is really bad are wrong.
although there are some bugs it is still great!
you should get this!
Has alot of great shows!
full seasonsgood genres, I would give 5 stars exceptthey are a little behind on getting some of the latest seasons
Now I can watch my favorite shows on the run as long as I have WiFi minor issues with picture at times might be operator error
I love all the options you have to pick from!
Great for the entire Family at home and vacation.
To me a free trial does NOT involve my credit card.
A free trial means that I try it for free and if I like it I THEN provide my credit card.
I'm enjoying all the excellent series that Netflix has and the time saved by eliminating commercials or browsing thru the TV schedule.
I only wanted this App on my phone to check my account, etc.
I did not want a free trial, as I already have an account and do no streaming, just DVD's.
Now I can't get a response from Netflix and will probably be paying double for something I don't even use.
i always go on Netflix and watch tv shows and movies sometimes it buffers but i still LOVE IT SO MUCH&#60;3
Works as it should.
Allows to add and delete streaming movies and shows to list.
No complaints as of yet.
Works great if you have a netflix account.
Quality is what it should be & you need it(the app)to play shows from netflix.
works on android 2.2 with out issues.
The app is trying to talk with my smart TV.
If I did not have it on the TV allready I would have tried it out.
I am unfamiliar with how to use this app and what it offers and instructions on how ti activeate it.
Okay so I was wantin to get Netflix on my kindle fire cause I have it on my desktop,laptop, Wii, and playstation 3 but half of the review say the video lags and sound quilty is horrible and all that but I'm gonna get it and try it cause ive read if you have an updated kindle fire and charter Internet it works just fine which I have both so I will give this another review after having it a while.
Very convenient can use it on my kindleEnjoy the tv series options .
I can watch what I want to while others are watching what they want
Particularly for the HD Kindle, this is like having a movie theater right in the palm of your hands.
Less clunky than a a laptop, easy, convenient, and looks and sounds great!
YOU NEED THIS for your Kindle!
Every once in a while, I have issues getting this to load on my kindle; shutting it down and restarting does not fix the problem.
Frustrating because I'm paying for the subscription to Netflix.
I love netflix.
I love that I can stream movies and certain tv shows when I feel like watching them.
Or catching up on tv shows that I haven't been able to watch.
The netflix app is fantastic on my kindle and I have NO complaints with it.
I have a kindle fire HD and I didn't want to buy or rent any movies from prime... so they finally have it for kindle.
Sometimes the picture it's all the clear but I really like Netflix app!!
i tryed  and tryed to get my app store to work and all needed to do is put the right password for my amzon account and presto, the download worked.
When I first bought the original kindle fire this app wasn't too good.
but now I love it!
Anytime i want to catch a breather from my work on campus I pull out my kindle and watch a few tv shows or a movie.
I think this app is cool because u get to pick a favorote T.V show.
and watch it.
ti's is so cool to have this app
Definitely happy I'm able to watch Netflix on my Kindle Fire!
Love it so much and would recommend it to anyone.
Netflix is wat i recommend to all the movie lovers out there  i watch movies on Netflix every day with the best picture quality ever
Handy application on my Android.
I can choose my evening movies while away from my TV.
It is convient and pracitical.
If you have a Netflix account, you've gotta get this app, It is free, and you can watch whatever Netflix offers wherever you happen to be.
Netflix just updated on my Kindle Fire.
They embedded a volume bar into the app which is a nice upgrade.
However the video and audio are still choppy.
i would have fixed that before making embedded volume a priority.
Newer releases sooner, to long between blu-ray release and streaming.
Should be able to stream and not wait two to three years.
I spend a lot of time watching movies or old tv shows, so any type of movie/tv app rocks for me.
Netflix has been the old standby and got me through quite awhile of basic cable and spent many hours of watching Dr. Who.
The price of Netflix is still quite reasonable and I can use the Netflix app on my Kindle Fire HD, my Laptop (not so good with crappy speakers - but will work in pinch), my husbands computer, or my husband one a new DVD player with surround sound that came with Netflix installed (haven't tried that yet)  As far as the Kindle app goes it works great
Excellent, very easy to find what you want and I think the &#34;films like ......&#34; that shows movies or programmes similar to the ones you've watched is a great idea.
I am not a TV fan.
Nor do I own a Boob tube (tv).
It's a time waster.
Netflix is The Best!
By this time I would have thought Netfix would have created a more robust app for viewing their content.
It's look and feel is very basic.
What I dont like is that I cant update my DVD queue from the mobile app.
I llike the new profile management, but I it needs to be expanded to provide better parental controls.
The best thing about this is that it's free.
This app fulfills every promise it makes and has a convenient user interface that is similar to the actual Netflix website.
I can count on one hand how many times it has had to buffer even though many other apps on the Kindle move slowly.
I rated netflix with 3 stars!!
They do not put enough new movies as often as I would like.
To many older movies all the time.
I do love the price and the TV show selections.
Yeah again, only was able to watch on computer so now it awesome to catch my shows elsewhere as long as i can connect
Works well, no glitches so far.
User friendly app that loads quickly and well and is easy to navigate and find what you need.
Works great on my LG Esteem phone.
Just use a micro HDMI cable to connect it to your big screen TV and plug your phone charger in and enjoy.
Plus with Metro PCS I have an unlimited 4G data plan so I don't have to worry about being ripped off for streaming.
I love Netflix.
Using the app on Kindle Fire isnt always the best.
It runs ok but can freeze or load very slow at times.
Netflix on my Kindle Fire (1st gen) works well and is a great looking app.
The interface is intuitive and just adds another mobile device to continue watching my favorite shows.
I was slightly unenthusiastic at first,reading all the negative reviews.
However I have to admit that it was worth the effort.
Video stream was very good and at my home DSL wireless,as good as a Dvd player.the bottom tool bar get minimized and it is not annoying at all.Overall a good app for netflix movies.
Highly recommend it.
Just an app....not really working Netflix.
I don't have free internet and pay by the KB so can't use Netflix but thought this might offer an alternative.
Good way to watch TV.
You can choose shows from the menu and netflix tries to predict what shows you will like based on previous ratings.
My roommate really liked this feature because it was very accurate for her.
I probably haven't ranked enough shows because Netflix has no clue what I'd like to watch.
Some shows aren't available.
The layout is really good but the functionality is awful on the transformer infinity.
It is so slow that it barely will scroll the screen.
Watching a movie is blurry for a while and clears up most of the time.
This doesn't happen on my POS LG phone or my PC.
I had been holding off on NetFlix for a while.
Now that I have it I barely watch TV anymore.
Better than the bargain-bin On-Demand choices I have with my local cable provider.
I love this .
i had to pay 10 dallor a mouth !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my mom got so mad i got ground on my b day and got no present.
please sew them.
to the ground.
how is with me if u are.
put 1 star
It doesn't seem to run right on my tablet.
It's a Herotab C8 with Android 2.3.
But none of the versions seem to work right.
Maybe time for a new tablet.
sync issues with audio and severe video lag.
I wonder if this is done on purpose to force consumers to pay for the premier service
our whole family loves Netflix.
We have a special needs son that can watch appropriate television anytime he wants to and the availability of it makes it a terrific reward system.
We also have a typical  child that enjoys a wide variety of television and movies.
It is perfect for him as well.
We love Netflix.
Netflix has so many free choices for TV shows and movies.
They keep track of what you've watched and, even after a lot of time, you can start your show where you left off.
So much easier to navigate than Amazon.
I struggle to find what I want on Amazon and usually give up.
On Netflix, there is a list of what I've watched recently plus I can just type it in a bar and it comes up if they have it.
It is so frustrating to navigate Amazon to even get to their videos what's more find one to watch.
I bought my Kindle Fire when they first came out.
Recently, I have been bringing my Fire to work so I can watch some shows while on my lunch break.
I sat down today to continue watching my show when I opened the Netflix app, or I should say that I tried to open the app, but a connection error popped up.
I then checked other apps, they are working properly, so I decided to delete and reinstall the app.
Well, turns out my Kindle Fire is no longer supported.
I am not sure who to place the blame on since the app was working perfectly up until today.
But I am severely disappointed to find that my device is no longer supported.
I only wonder if the Kindle Fire HD is next.
this is the best app but it's a little fuzzy and stops every now and then it's awesome and that is my review
the reason i don't give it 5 stars is only because i want even more movies right after they are out of theaters
I HAVE HAD NETFLIX FOR ABOUT 3 YEARS, JUST NOW ADDED IT TO A NEW DEVICE.
YES, I LIKE THAT I CAN WATCH MOST ANYTHING I WANT INSTANTLY, AND CAN GET DVD'S QUICKLY IF THEY ARE NOT AVAILABLE FOR INSTANT WATCHING.
AND EVEN OLD SHOWS THAT I LOVED YEARS AGO, LIKE QUINCY!
THE ONLY REASON FOR NOT GIVING IT 5 STARS IS THAT I GOT HOOKED ON THE SHOW REVOLUTION, AND I HAVE WATCHED ALL THE EPISODES IN SEASON 1, BUT SEASON 2 IS NOT AVAILABLE YET!
I LOVE THIS APP, don't believe those people who say it has terrible video quality,and ext.
This is a GREAT app but if your gonna complain about it then don't get it, it's not a perfect but neither is any other app, it could be fixed but it is great
I hats this app!
everytime I decide to watch a movie, I can't find it on Netflix.
I don't typically watch stuff that should be hard to find either.
What is Blockbuster up to these days?
I love Netflix streaming and it works fine everywhere else.
And the other video apps work fine on the Fire.
But Netflix currently has an audio sync problem that makes watching anything extremely difficult.
Really needs to be fixed.
The only fix I've found is to watch subtitled films so you won't notice so much.01/09/12 - Update: It's fixed.
Works great and the selection of Netflix is still the best.
This was a smart purchase that has proven to be WONDERFUL for traveling!I did appreciate that I was permitted a free trial because I was leary of if it actually worked...or if the movies were oooooooold/boring or were of poor quality.
I'm pleasantly surprised.
don't no how well Netflix will work on my kindle yet.I just downloaded it today.only cause it says it's free.I will say this I had it on my home tv had nothing but problems.I hope 2 have better luck this time .
Its ruining the overall experience.
Everything else is fine.
It's good but we receive unecessary notifications on the phone
Really love one
Though I wish there was a way to quickly scroll up to the top
Pradyut: I don't like this app because this app take several time
There is no the top bar.
I couldn't see it.
Please fix this bug.
I don't like that.
Finally is good
Can you stop making twitter freaking refresh everytime i go down the timeline and forcing me up to the top???
Plis fix it!!!
I uninstall it and install it many times but i can't tweet or re-tweet
nice app, sleek.
Still loving it...
I still can't watch videos even though I updated my twitter
It will not let me install it base on an installation error.
Love twitter and the app is amazing can check it whenever I am and also tweet on the go :-D
Thank you sweeters i&lt;3this app
Does what is supposed to, and does it well.
a few times later ，i cant find where’s my top bar
This app is the way I access Twitter most often.
I prefer it to my MacBook.
Videos won't load at all, please fix.
I love twitter.
I love you
FIX THE LASTEST UPDATE PLEASEEEEE
This app locks keyboard to screen and requires restart.
Will reinstall when fixed.
even can't view my own timeline
My fr7ends told me its better than the other social medias but when i make my first account then follow and twit it says your account is susspended....
I like this this app
Timeline keeps jumping to the top and hours of tweets get lost.
Twitter ignores me every time I file this issue.
It works just fine.
Simple and easy to use.
The list doesn't appear anymore :(
Pls add one function to get back backup code...I will give 5 stars
I am totally disappointed with this update trends are showing wrong side & we can not easily back on the top when we reed tweets
Can be improved further!
I  finally ttx to the Harry styles
The subs on the app is right.
Thabks for making it,!
I almost liked it but when i downloaded it, i tried to open my account.
when i typed my account and pressed enter.
It says 'error occurred when logging in.
Please try again later' is it just me?
I can't open my Account.
This does not download
Something to stay in touch with the real world
Yes this is a nice app but come on, I mean, it updates every day or two and the update is just "bugs fixed" I'm sick and tired of that.
Do it at least once a week or if it's a huge update.
I don't get push notifications and also can't watch some videos.
It's rare if a video actually works.
Other than that, I can use it just fine.
Pause my music when I view a GIF.
When it refreshes content, it disregards what you are doing (ie scrolling, viewing a tweet) and automatically brings you to the top without warning.
It's working fine but it doesn't let me set a banner.
I cant see any photos that people tweet and where did the top bar go??
Please fix this.
There is no option to switch from taking a photo to a video, why this is happen?
I'm using a samsung galaxy s4.
Just cuz there always has to be a negative rating but this app is awesome
Wtf....going on, I can't see the  photos
Frustrating it updates so often & only vague descriptions of what is in the updates.
Thanks for the quick camera fix
I cant add filtets w/ my pics with the lates version using my galaxy y pls fix this!
I love twitter
Nosey,Nosey,Nosey .....
I like the app overall its just that sometimes notifications take a while to come through.
Otherwise it's good
Its great app
I lost the updated twitter when I logged out my account.
I like this app
If it can do the push notification as well on the locked phone would be really great.
Talking on Android phone.
I have to pay RM1 a week to receive validation code for my phone?
Can't follow people without the code?
Keep up the good work!
I post some photos last night and when i browse it now i cant see it.
The home,discovery and activity tabs are not to be seen after update on app.what's wrong??
For some reason my keyboard glitches every time I use it in this app.
I end up having to restart my phone just so the keyboard will minimize.
The app is fine as long as I don't want to tweet anything.
Love the semi material design.
Wish we could see more of that!
It's ok
Yeah Its Cool One...
Twitter is so amazing
It never freezes on me and keeps updated constantly ??
Its verry cool and mind blowing
Doesn't let me change my header or bio.
Just says 'updating profile' in my notification bar forever & doesn't go away.
Until I restart my phone.
The new layout doesn't look nice!!!
Please switch it back, it looked so much nicer.
There is this annoying bug where I can't reach some half of my tweets on my profile page.
If someone has favorited it, though, it is completely accessible through notifications panel.
THE FONT IS SO BIG PLEASE PUT BACK THE OLD FONT.
THE SMALL FONT
Does the job. ??
Its very good app
The app seems to get slower with every update.
Search takes an eternity, and just refreshing the time line takes longer than before.
It's also frustrating that you can't see all of someone's tweets when you go to their profile - there are big time gaps between the tweets that do load.
For all the updates, it's not getting better, just slowing down and offering less functionality...
One of my favorite apps
Is great but the app is slow now and takes forever to load videos or see others post by the hashtag.
Also the area to start a tweet is small so sometimes I accidentally press on the tweet in front of it and it is annoying.
Twitter needs some better adjustments.
Works everyday anyday anytime
Why Microphone acces ?
What yall trying to do ?
Thanks for the update
I think the Twitter app is brill I can interact with the subjects that are of interest to me and like minded people.
I can't see any recent tweets when I go to people's profiles.
Just from days ago
Locked me out for no reason and I can't get back on.
We would all die without this app
Can't get enough.
So far it's good no problem at all
Enjoy your new year
Finally learning how to use the app and Twitter :-) and enjoying it!
Most things work well and I have no problem with it but I don't understand how there isn't a quick way to go to my feed.
Sometimes I have to hit back a dozen times if I went on a little twitter journey.
Plenty of space of top for it.
Also, how many times do I have to say no to if I "liked that highlight" before it stops showing them to me?
It's turning into Facebook with that crap and I don't use that anymore.
I just want to see tweets in order of time on my feed.
It's nice to share and update.
It works for me.
It's good!!??
It's a great app and all but it keeps crashing again and again... I have to uninstall and install it once again.
That's really annoying, fix please.
Why favourite button does not exist on my twitter.pleasee
The flow is great and your Twitter is never boring due to the activity section
Great on phone and tablet.
Third party photo service.
Shortener for URL.
Mko isss mai verification code snd hi nhi krtai plzzz snd me verification code plzzz
I haven't been able to access my twitter through the app for the past 5 hours.
Had a bug, the update fixed it.
this is like a good app so get it and because its a good way to keep in touch with people
Keep discover and activity !
Bad new update and photo show and it became silly when making retweets
The lists tab no longer displays any lists.
Anything can be improved but I have no complaints.
Works very well.
This app is still not working, with no tweets showing in my timeline.
Sometimes pictures will not load regardless if im on 4G or Wifi.
Everything else is fine.
Best app love it
Where's the top bar gone?!
Was good app had no problems until top bar went missing
Hard to know what the symbols mean
Always use it... Great app
Its so good x
Stalk the famous and avoid real life.
It won't tell me when I receive a DM
Does what it says
The only thing I hate is how I accept the followers' requests and I go out to check the feed but when look at the followers's requests again, the same followers' request are still there!
They NEVER go away, it always shows that I have a certain amount of follower requests which I had accepted before.
It is irritating.
Now I have the Lg G3 but before I had an iphone, and the same exact thing used to happen on the iphone.
Does all I need.
Don't know why people moan so much.
Y'all needa fix this app y'all bugging man.
Recommends people I don't want to see
How to deactivate it i jst maked it by mistake
ALL I CAN IN MY TLIST IS ONLY MY TWEETS.
I CANT SEE TWEETS OF MY FOLLOWINGS.
I can't retweet.
Yersh....just yersh
Does not download
What happened to my notification bar?
I'm not getting no information you'll need to fix this
I like this app...but why it often updating the same issue?
There is a problem with twitter every time I open it.
It hangs my phone so please focus on this issue.
This is good application.
It won't let me save my profile fix an ill rate 5 stars
The older version is better
I am loving my Kindle Fire Hd and accessories we got for it!It's great for my email and reading books.
I didn't think I would like it as much as my husband loves his year old Kindle Fire, but I do.
I decorated my black cover with some pretty stickers of crystals!
Like being able to keep up with facebook when I travel.
It's not exactly the same as playing on your home computer but you are able to stay in touch.
This is great .
I don't have to get on my computer to see FB, helps me to keep up with what's going on , love it.
Won't load people's pages, freezes when I try to watch a video, I have to force close the app when I look at pictures, and news feed doesn't lead.
Please fix these things.
It works great if you are just lurking.
When using the new updated Kindle version, heaven help you.
At some point, you will type something that contains a friend or liked interest and you will not be able to type what you intended to.
I guess when I actually need to post something, I will need to go pick up my iPhone.
This app worked ok beyond some glitches but forced me to update even though I tried before and it didn't work and more it won't even open.
I love it jus like a pc very easy to log in and out enjoy friends and meet new ones along with family and classmates.would reccomend to everyone
I can check in from anywhere my Kindle takes me.
Would be better if it had more of the features you get on the website on the pc.
no better way to stay caught up with your friends on FB, easy to use, a good app.
could use some tweaks but overall solid.
I have used this app for most of the year, but as of yesterday I have not been able to get past login blue screen.
Either this is virus attacking itself only to this app or it is a very bad update.
As it is not only men and not every app on my kindle, I wonder.
Other Facebook applications are hard to work with, one can not find the commands, the page freezes, or one can get lost and find it difficult to return to original screan - This App -WORKS!
Facebook helps you keep in touch with friends that otherwise would be literally impossible to stay in touch with.
The games are also challenging and very addicting.
alot of time it is not responding  which is very frustratingI get tired waiting to be able to continue my work
Cruising along on FB when all of a sudden, I cannot open it anymore.
Tried all the things from other posts but still stuck in FB/kindle gridlock.
Opens on silk just fine.
the app is responsive but one problem.when sending a message to someone the plus nd smokey face Icon for sending images is their but when I press it no options for pics or stickers to send comes up.not a major problem to me although to some people probably yes.fixxxxx asap
I never thought that I 'd be on face book, my grand kids put me out there and now I enjoy reading what they're doing.
pictures are great since picture taking and developing is getting to be a thing of the past, cell phones hold their pictures.
It logs you on and is usually stable.
My main issue is that the App feels very cramped like they were trying to fit so much into it that they ran out of space.
The pictures that appear on my timeline take up the entire screen and are not automatically sized down.
I did have it freeze on me a couple of times and I thought it was going to crash, but it managed to recover.
If they can make it so your photos don't take up the entire screen and fix the freezing issues, it would be a little more useful.
As it is, I still have it on my Kindle Fire, but I rarely use it.
That is my biggest gripe, along with not being able to show my jewelry on my timeline...have to use a business page which most people don't go to often!
This just does not work properly with the Kindle Fire.
It's so bad, that it's clearly obvious that the author of the software and the person who approved its release for the Fire has never ever actually loaded it and run it on a Fire.
I wish I could rate this with negative stars, because it's just that terrible.
July 9 ,2014 update has made this app unusable.
I can not open it.
I have deleted the a pop and reinstalled it several times.
Thanks update, job well done.........Not!
this face book works great on my htc phone but didnt work on my kindle fire hd 8.9 .
it keeps glitching.
i had to get the facebook that had the fb  facebook for kindle fire hd  for it .
so if this dont work for you try looking for one that works just for your device .
I like the social aspect of it but, sometimes the privacy sttings are confusing.
For the most part it is easy.
Its the same facebook.
To me there's nothing different.
I use it when I don't feel like getting up to check my FB.
Plus you get messages instantly.
After the first 10 or so posts the rest just load as blue text without pictures and it doesn't change after refresh.
This doesn't happen on my news feed but does on groups and pages.
the only posts that show up on the kindle fire app are whatever they decide to show.
there is no way of searching new posts or most recent.
Some I get are 2 days old!
How do I use the new update I can't even find my own profile or any settings anymore?
What the crap?
In my opinion I think this is someplace for people to gossip.
I only go on it when it is necessary.
The Facebook app can be very helpful keeping up with your facebook.
But it also malfunctions a lot sometimes.
But other than that the app is dependable and could probably use an update.
This is a great app...it is big and beautiful with large pictures and all the features from the desktop version!
This app is a must have!
its great except i miss things because the news feed wont load prior events, and i cant check facebook all day
you keep connected to the outside world learn a lot about people get to to see family and friends pictures help out something to bebefit others good recipes ect.
This application is good for adult and teens it was download by my nice but my kids don't have a password but is good for mammy I got my Facebook and its great to be in contact with my family
i hate the fact that on the kindle you cant send voice messages, when it has a speaker!
I am new and often feel unclear on using different areas and getting simple instructions seems far too complicated.
Where does one find FaceBook for Dummies?
i picked 5 stars because facebook is the best.i have found many friends and relatives i havent seen in years.how can you beat that.i am hook on facebook.should have been on  it sooner.
It works well on my Kindle.
I like the way that it looks.
I like how smooth it runs.
I use my kindle for every thing I use on my laptop.
I never go ANYWHERE without my Kindle in my purse.
For me this app is completely useless!!!
Why doesn't it download and work like any other app??
I just want to use it like any other, and I can't.
App won't install completely.
Keeps showing &amp;#34;install failed&amp;#34;.
Requires additional steps now for me to access Facebook.
I like Facebook for the Kindle Fire.
I use it all the time.
There are more options available to you if you use a PC or Mac instead.
However, this app still retains a lot of the features that I use most often; for example, event info, news feed stories, photo album viewing, videos, etc.
Facebook games do not work in this version of Facebook; you would need an actual computer for that.
I like the layout of the application, but I like my applkication posts hidden once I have viewed them.
I give this a 3 rating as you cannot hide posts in your newsfeed.
Add this and I may give it a 4 star.
I am glad kindle has an application.
I do wish the kindle worked more like my Iphone tho.
Appreciated how quickly I was able to put it on my kindle.
Defintely worth downloading.
Um yea, new layout is ugly, where do I see notifications?
How can I get to my own profile, events, friends, everything!
How do I get to messages?!
Very bad update.
Word of advice: if it isn't broken, DONT FIX IT!
The pictures are so big that it is more than annoying, and is an irritant.
Can't do highlight, copy, then paste.
I would consider it barely functional, but there are few choices available so you really have no choice.
I can only access the latest 6 news feed entries at any one time.
I don't actually bother using it on the Kindle now.
My Android version is much more convenient.
fix this app.
as others have said, it only loads the first few posts in the news feed.
i have gone back to using this app on my android phone because it works just fine on it.
but it sure would be a lot nicer if it would work on my much larger-screened kindle fire hd...just please fix it.
just getting used to it
think its great.a wonderful way to connect with friends,i like th new look,keep up the good work its the best.
I flipping love this.
its absolutely the best app on the market.
I would absolutely positively reccomend to anyone I know!
I can get on Facebook with this app.
What more does one need with it?
Plus it's free.
SO there ya go.
I'm sorry but this app is just crap.
I have only got the app load once.
Looks like others are having similar issues.
This app worked fine by my standards.
It's the typical Facebook app for most devices, easy to use for me.
I use this nearly everyday since we only have one computer and my wife is on it a lot.
Facebook is how we talk back and forth with our grandkids and friends since they are in another state.
same as the other fb hopefully time will fix it will try again another day and hope its fixed, i love fb
Works surprisingly well than my phone.
Very smooth and excellent for stalking your buddies online.It's free, works better than most devices, what's not to like?
Comprehensive one roof many thoughts,Games,Feelings, sharing, the best platform for meeting people.Easy  to associate with other applications  like I use to post my links from Fotopedia.
This is really great, I can stay in contact with family and friends.
Also put my view points and daily word on Face book.
I can also view pictures of family and friends.
Love the app.
You can get on very quickly to Facebook with this app.
I would highly recommend this app.
i have trouble with the posts loading.
it shows about 10, then tends to freeze up.
it is very frustrating
When I open the app it keeps reinstalling itself over and over again please fix it today it's going to make the masses hate you if you dont
I know that I need to get a life when I check my Facebook daily.
I do enjoy it tho.
It's connected me to people I haven't heard from in years!
Seems easy to use on my tablet.
I am still trying to figure everything out on this tablet.
I am conquering the learning curve.
I was introduced to facebook almost ten years ago.
In the beginning, I could not get enough of it.
I enjoyed some of the new games they have put on such as nfl trivia.
Even at twenty seven years old, I still check on lives of old friends.
cant see more than a few posts then the spinning circle of death at the bottom of the screen.
most others with same problem
Love watching my family and friends out of state
works very well and is essential for the Facebook junkie.
I think messenger is included for quasi private emails.
It's free!
Not a bad app but so skeletal it's frustrating.
Cannot adjust news feed for &amp;#34;most recent&amp;#34; vs. &amp;#34;top stories&amp;#34;.
Cannot mark notifications as read.
Cannot see entire photo album from news feed.
Missing functionality in messaging &amp; events.
Constantly wants to update but updates fail.
Fine off you want Facebook without using web browser, but definitely sub-par when compared to web version.
I really do like Facebook a lotLike I get to see other people some of them be my family some be friends Facebook is very awesome
I love it!
It helps me to stay in touch with family [especially those living out of state] and friends.
At first I would see a handful of posts, and then another handful listed underneath in shaded boxes that you can't access.
Now I don't have the boxes anymore, but it only lets me scroll down so far and stops.
So if you want to access something beyond that, you can't.
Pretty useless unless you're only interested in the past few days.
I'm beginning to think the devs don't care about fixing it either.
Save yourself the trouble and just access Facebook through your browser.
The newsfeed only shows a few posts, then there are these weird blue blocks that you can't even click.
I'd rather not even use the app because of this.
Hopefully it will be fixed with an update soon.
The app no longer loads properly since I downloaded the update.
Until the problem is fixed I will be without access to Facebook and therefore unable to communicate properly with friends and family.
Because I have limited eyesight I prefer facebook on my Mac over my Iphone or Kindle fire.
Facebook keeps changing things I like about it and it frustrates me.
I cannot seem to ever get a Facebook session running without seeing &#34;error loading story&#34; message.
So many times I'm tired of even trying to use FB on my Motorola Razr HD.
Seems like they have more work to do to create a compelling FB phone app.
Expected more from an app.
for a tablet.
Same as a smartphone... Disappointed, need to get with increasing the quality for an app.
for a larger device
Updated version will not open!!
I see others are having this problem too.
How frustrating :( Hope it's fixed soon.
back to using it on my phone
easy to download and use everything is there at your fingertips and the pics look awesome in HD just perfect
It's Facebook.
But some things can't be seen with a mobile app.
Don't know if that's this app, or all of them.
The full news feed and peoples time lines will not load all the way.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIX.
Seems to be a wide spread problem.
DAMN fix already.
Though this is the full Facebook app, it tends to lag behind in updates.
Perhaps, a better relationship with developers would help.
Helps me keep up with friends and family.
Wish people would keep their political views to themselves, though.
This should be for fun and information.
This app is ok, but it's not as nice as the feel on a PC.
I have a kindle HD 8.9, and I know the look/feel can be better than it is, given the size of my device.
This is easy to download.
You can also apply to be a Beta tester for tablets if you want too.
The graphics are nice and works well on our tablet.
Worth the time to get.
its facebook and it works.
no problems downloading or using the app.
not really much more to say about that.
very difficulte to use.
jumps to the top when you back out of a posting and will not give a friends complete list
Happy to be able to get on FB and check things from my new Kindle Fire HD.
Easy to get on using the FB App.
Although this is my Facebook client of choice,  it hasn't ever been great.
So if you are willing to settle for mostly good enough, then this is the application for you.
I'm happy with facebook on my kindle and I like to follow my grandchildren on facebook and my friends too
Much better, facebook was not very good without.
Now I can look at more post before it only showed a few posts.
I love how easy it is to connect with (old) long time friends, and family, I have learned a lot of interesting things.
I love have this app.
I check it a few times a day.
Simple and easy to use!
please fix the facebook application on kindle fire so it can work right.
when I sign on and it sits there loading for ever and when I click on the tab on the top it loads my messages just fine.
I love to read the gossip that everyone shares.
I especially love the pictures of my friends & family that are shared
The site does not have enough privacy protection -- I do not want the entire world to know (my personal information or what I share with my friends) -- only my friends ---- plus I do not like the options that protect the sharing and posting functions -- options need to have conditions such as only with my friends or open to all.
On my Kindle Fire HD this app is ok.
When something is posted that has a link and you click on it, it takes you to a Web page, but there's no way to get back to Facebook without hitting home and going back to the app.
So mildly annoying.
This is the best method I have found to stay in touch with my friends and family.
From all around the world we can communicate.
I just updated and now my app doesn't work at all!
It just says &quot;Facebook has stopped&quot; every time I open it.
this is grate not sure why people are complaint about this app.
not enough words to post my review.well now I can
on my kindle fire this is the only way I have to post photos on facebook now since facebooks last stupid change to their uploading.
kindles browser doesn't support whatever new process facebook uses now.
to upload I download the pic I want to post, go to the kindle gallery, select the pic, hit menu, hit share, then choose this facebook program.
Easy way to view family and friends, their pictures especially and their interests.
Life is so hectic, it is becoming more difficult to stay in touch, especially when living further and further apart.
I recommend facebook to those who like to stay connected on a more personal level
I am very pleased with this app.
It is very easy to use and very fast.
I use it quite often!
what can I say  Facebook is  facebook  either you love it or you don't .
I like the older versions best.
What's to like or not like about the app.
It works and that's all that matters.
Facebook is what it is.
I hate they keep changing the look even of MY page without my consent.
Post often don't show when they should.
Most recently, they took money from my checking account without my permission.
I haven't checked yet to see if it has been put back in.
Too often I've had scammers trying to be friends on hijacked accounts.
I only have this to try and promote my work.
I could continue this rant, but I won't.
I like having access to Facebook, but I'm so disappointed that I can't play my Facebook games on my Kindle.
As a facebook addict, this app is obviously awesome for those who want to stay connected to facebook.
I'm glad it's offered for the kindle fire b/c I would be pretty disappointed if I had this sweet e-reader/tablet and couldn't get onto my facebook.
I do wish there was a better(any) alert system like on your iPhone for when you get new alerts(comments, likes, messages).
But I guess that's alright b/c being that my kindle doesn't ding when I get an alert my iPhone WILL so if I want to use my kindle I still can b/c my iPhone will alert me and then instead of using it to get on FB I just get on my kindle instead.
This app is the worst.
You can't even watch a video for 2 seconds.
It always force close.
The new update wasn't worth it.
Slow to load on smart phone and desktop PC.
Search incomplete and complicated.
Changing the background takes forever.
I didn't really care for this facebook app.
On my phone it will let you look at status' etc for as long you want to scroll down, but the app wouldn't only let me look and then it wouldn't bring up anything else.
So I just started going to the web and looking at FB on there.
I haven't been able to post for awhile now.
What's the point of the app if all you can do is read.
You should be able to do better.
Stop wasting time collecting and analyzing usage and make an app that works.
Facebook for the Kindle Fire HD is behind in features and function contained in the iPhone.
It works well but seems behind in the iPhone app a bit.
I like the ease of uploading phptps to my facebook page from my gallery.
I do not stay logged in all the time as I do not like to get notifacations all the time
Facebook is facebook, I wish they had a dislike button.
Why am I even rating this.
Its only the number social media sites.
The app appeared to have downloaded but when I open the app it closes.
Definitely does not work.
Glad it was free.
Like it well enough for staying in the loop with family and friends.
Recommend it to family and friends.
Can also download and print posted photos!
APP WORKS FINE, JUST NEED TO FIND SOMEONE TO SHOW BE HOW TO GET THE MOST OUT OF FACEBOOK, NEVER SURE WHERE I AM OR WHERE I'AM GOING.
NOT AN ISSUE WITH THE APP BUT FACEBOOK ITSELF.
it helps me keep in touch with my kids and grandkids.
dont like the ever changing stuff when i get used to it you all change it but im hanging in there
It facebook run great let you hook up to existing accounts really well it is  well.
I can  say that it was easy to install and use.
Let me hook up with family and friends.
Been on for quite awhile.Like keeping up with family.
Have alot of problems with the games.
Can be very aggrevating.
Its ok but if u want to block sum one u can't unless there ur friend.
But I still like it an I reported sexually explicit an it came back as a negative it dont have sexual explicit.
Since this morning I haven't been able to open Facebook.
It loads for awhile then shuts off.
And I uninstalled it but it keeps reinstalling itself.
It is very annoying!
Fixing it is a must
This app is absolutely great!
It allows me to talk ti my friends while in completely different places, almost like the computer version.
The Facebook app most recent update forces you to view your timeline in Top Stories format.
You no longer have the option to view your timeline in Most Recent order.
It's worthless now.
You are better off pulling up Facebook in the Silk web browser.
Or, just dumping Facebook since the obviously don't care what the customers want.
I  use a Kindle Fire HDX.
There is no way to switch from 'Most recent' to 'Top stories'.
The notification center doesn't work.
And, I can no longer get to my groups or favorites.
This newest version is AWFUL and ANTIQUATED!!!
I would give it zero stars, if possible!!!
So if you like an artist it'll change your station to better the selection but if you accidentally like someone you don't because you were trying to press the dislike button then you're kinda screwed.
They forgot to let you unlike someone so please fix.
It's wierd to go from smooth music to country out of no where.
Up until this recent update I had a search bar but now it's not there anymore.
I have seen other people with same problem so hopeful they fix it soon.
Other than that premium is too expensive but still good app.
Everytime I try to use the app it doesn't respond and I keep reporting it but nothing.
I have to restart my phone to use it.
I pay $10 a month and this is the kind of service I get?
Unless you purchase the premium version the annoying adds spoil it.
You can find so many songs and all good ones.
Without the adds definately 5 stars.
Quality is excellent.
Get annoying emails all the time and the unsubscribe link for them does not work
I did love this app but now since the last two updates it keeps shutting down whenever I open up another app.
I have a meditation app that I listen to while I play Spotify, it won't play simultaneously anymore with any other app please fix.
I have been a subscriber to the premium service for over a year now and had the free service for a year prior to that I am getting very frustrated, I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times the problem is getting worse!
Great selection of music and easy to find just what you want
Is it just me?
Loading circle is not music.
Seems like all apps eventually turn to junk.
When I'm trying  to log in with facebook  a message appears with: I tried to log in from another county  ?? please,  give me support
The app won't let me log in.
It just constantly says it's logging in but never actually logs in.
Works fine on computer though.
You guys should bring back the snow on spotify but instead let it be a optional thing and include a rain option
The music is so amazing but you need to pay for ad free music
None of the others have anything on Spotify!!!!!
Love the fact u can customize and listen offline ur play lists...also the up to date music you can Save instead of liking.
Its great theres just one problem.........
when your playing a game on your android or apple device you've got the audio for the game over the top of the music.
Besides that its great
fix the search bar ... keeps disappearing.
Love it so much fun to listen to!
It was good but I thought you could make your own playlist
The app is constantly telling me I am offline when I have Internet to be able to listen to music.
it constantly freezes on me and kicks me out of the app.
I like listening to the music on here but I am getting upset about the updates and problems that app is having.
I downloaded this, expecting a decent music streaming service like Spotify Desktop.
Boy, was I wrong!
First, you can only play songs in Shuffle play.
Okay, kinda weird, but whatever.
But then, you end up listening soley to 'Suggested Songs' and won't let you skip more than a couple, so you're stuck listening to Bubblegum pop instead of the Classical music you wanted to listen to.
What I don't get is why it's so limited, compared to the desktop version?
I can just use the browser version on my phone anyway.
The least user friendly app I've ever used
Fantastic love this app well worth up gradeing
Stops after 10 sec playback in a sudden with all tracks.
Turns out I had to clear all cache and memory in order to make it run again.
I loved the Spotify app until the recent updates.
The system is very slow now and screen touches lag.
Very disappointed thinking of cancelling subscription
I love this app.
you can play your favorite music for free.
wherever you are
I have been using it for almost 5months and its doing great...fantastic...tnx for the apps
Doesnt do it all the time  but verry annoying when it does.
Anyone else getting it?
i just wish it doesn't need internet just like SoundCloud but this one is better
App will not load
I like it but the stations are not very good
While the app works great for the most part, the lock screen player rarely shows up and when it does usually only the skip button works, while the play/pause button does not.
After my 7 days ended I couldn't play my music
Your login is horrible.
I want to use my email not username.
Can something be done about that?
Trying to set an account up but says my email account is allready taken by someone.
Sort it out
There is a bug with the ads and the app will stay stuck on the ad and not play it.
Have to restart my phone to listen to music again
It doesn't really count as free if you cant choose which song you want to listen to.
Also you cant really open that menu for a song because the slider gets in the way.
Spotify used to display on my lock screen so I didn't have to unlock my phone just to change songs.
This was really useful during workouts.
Great you should get it
I love it
Remove the forced shuffle thing ??
Love it been using for years
When I open this app it would fc then I would  open it again after that no issues I just have to do it every single day
when I put my email in it didn't accept it.
It was all right but after like 30 days asked me to buy premium pack after every song ??
That's all.
You pay to be a member but once your not a paying member, all the downloads you have they don't play as anymore.
So cool have to listen to music
My favorite music app.
Great sound quality and great diversity of music.
With the new update it doesn't have the thing at the bottom that shows the album artwork.
You can't skip to a certain part of the songs and you have to change songs manually.
Please fix this.
Used to work just fine.
Recently, I can have excellent WiFi connection and full bars and it won't load any online songs.
Please fix this.
Disapointed cause I got a new phone and now it will not work LG 22 c on lollipop 5.0
Becuase you guys have Dirty Work!!!
Can someone tell me if there's an app like Spotify that actually works?
One that preferably doesn't say 'no internet connection' when I definitely am connected to the internet.
I love this app it is free and amazing I go for runs so this app is for me
But its not better than soundcloud
How do I make it bill my at&t account?
I want premiem but I don't have a credit card.
need answer please
...but with the constant updates, now it just crashes.
Love the fact I can listen to whatever I want ANY time.....Update.
Changed the 5 stars to 2 because they still have not updated the Android app to include the running  app.
It was all good until I had to pay every month.
Like i aint doing that!
I understand you need a way to get more money and for the artists to not get cheated in a way.
But i hate it that i cant find an app where i can get free music!
It was great for a while.
Can only play shufle
Best music app out there, but they should really bring the price down!
Wish you could cast
I love being able to access millions of songs and creating my own playlist.
You can't choose which device the music is playing from anymore
It is so STUPID
Spotify used to be king when it came to features.
However lately, they've been lacking.
Still no Chromecast support.
Also, Android wear support is extremely basic.
(And only works thanks to Google.)
PlayStation support is amazing however.
Absolutely love it.
Hope we get wear support soon.
This app is great In all but please add a timer or sleep timer.
When I sleep I live to listen to music and it would be better if a timer was added.
Please add a feature search.
It takes 10 minutes to load the music when I'm on fast Wi-Fi and have no trouble doing any other activities.
If I didn't have all my play lists created I could cancel immediately because the service is so bad.
There is no reason for it to be so slow!
Also, for some reason it un-downloaded my downloaded play lists.
My Grandkids Loved it
It's great but there are so many new songs out and they aren't there but overall it's awesome!!!
Since the last update this app has given me nothing but trouble, it freezes constantly and sometimes won't even open.
When I finally get it to work I cant use any other apps on my phone as it actually causes them to freeze also (they work fine when Spotify isnt on)!
Hate this app, its useless!
The title says most of it, the search feature (If not instantly failing) will take an eternity to load results.
Also will occasionally freeze the Galaxy S5.
I loved this app and used it all the time but was horrified this AM while listening to a random playlist I chose called Morning Buzz.
One of the songs by artist MariKKKopa was clearly hateful angry racist ranting.
I will no longer be a happy follower of playlists unless this artist is REMOVED.
I clicked on a song and it plays a whole different song
Just wish you could crate ringtones
With Premium acc is good, but if you don't have Premium, app is very horrible.
Really bad whenever it's time to play an Ad.
I will almost always have to restart the app.
Good sound quality.
Still needs updating with.more songs/artists bit other than that it's great!
It's cool has ALL my favorite artist
I love it one thin I think the should add is a tempo/speed thing so you can listen at different speeds that would be cool
My search bar isn't working.
I just noticed it today.
Other than that, I love spotify.
I just need the search bar issue resolved.
I think a lot of us do.
Love it to bits ( Premium) but I have to restart my phone everytime
Spotify is a great app
Tired of shuffle playing
It is dead boaring
So easy and fast
The only thing bad is atlest give unlimited skips and play when ever you want to people who don't have premium
Good music display and audio!
Just have tried it yet!
WAY better then you Pandora.
It doesnt let you pick the song u want to listen to its just always on shuffle and I hate it
I was able to find all the old albums I used to have and listen to my 80's music again.
How come you can't have spotify at a certain age?
All you just do is listen to music.
Since the new update, I cannot see the album art of local files on my phone
I love it much
I really want to download it but it said stopped pls fix it I think its a great music  downloader I'll give five if u guys fix it
Where's the search button?
Just the ads need to go
Please fix this!
The app tells me it is offline when I try to listen to music on my network data connection.
It only works on WiFi.
I have checked the settings to enable online use but this doesn't make any difference.
If I stop the app completely and login again it works until I stop using the app, then it just goes offline again.
I'm going to cancel my Spotify membership as it is a waste of money because the app doesn't work.
And yes, I've tried reinstalling it.
They could make us pay before we get it
Ain't No Sunshine
Since my phone updated to lolipop the app crash each time I want to start it.
How do I search songs now???????
Not working with my Galaxy S6 Edge.
Wont accept my credentials
Spotify is great, i can listen to all the music I want away from the Internet.
The price is a bit much, but if you think about it, it's less than buying a cd a month
Loved it so much.I can get all my favorite songs from my favorite artists.
Previous version was great, now it takes like 30 seconds to open!!!
Please fix that or let us downgrade to previous update.
I can't search and add new songs,fix that!
Or I might go to Pandora, tidal, or beats app
This app is becoming more and more useless by the day.
Just works when it feels like it.
It is a whole new,and better,alternative to Pandora.
If I'm playing it in my car on Bluetooth sometimes the song will stop.
Then a couple seconds later it starts again but goes like super speed and it sounds all crackly.
Also when playing in my car if I go into maps and have that on the screen eventually spotify stops playing and exits and I have to go back into the app again.
Please fix these given I'm paying every month and not getting what I paid for.
Include lyrics option please!
I cant opem it.
It someumes freezes my phone.
And then tells me spotify stopped running
How to search?I don't find it.
Only problem I have with the app is the inability to download music to an SD card, as I have limited internal storage space.
All you have to do is lock the music from being transferred off the SD card, similar to iTunes.
Please fix this, I love Spotify and would love to continue using it.
I can listen to any song I like or want to hear I thank it is great
Love the music
It works perfectly fine for me
Ps3 trouble when i use the ps3 version it says i am already linked and therefore tells me to go to ps3 or sony server etc but not surewhat this all means
Sometimes the search menu just disappears
Would rate it 5 stars but when i use wifi it constantly says I'm not connected to the interent, when i am.
Please fix this, i hate using my data to download the songs i want.
C'mon everythings on shuffle, random music pops up and ads.
Its like iTunes for android except it sucks so much.
I guess the only free part is the uninstall button.
Thanks a lot Spotify.
Even advertisement is not to frequent while enjoying my awesome Playlist.
Great job Spotify...lata.
This app really awesome i can listen whatever music i want!
&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
Every time I go on I can't browse or do anything that requires a connection.
I am fully connected to wifi and offline mode is off.
Loved this app when it worked, can't use at all now.
Will cancel if not fixed very soon...
Works great for working out and premium is beyond worth it!!!!
